2015-11-04 Rare, the developer of acclaimed games like Donkey Kong Country and Banjo Kazooie will not be showing their newest game Sea of Thieves until next year. This confirms that the title will not be appearing in any other event later this yearas Rare continues to work on it. Aaron Greenberg, the head of first party and third party game development, confirmed that the game would not be appearing in anymore 2015 events. He did so via his Twitter page, when a fan asked him if Sea of Thieves would be making an appearance at The Game Awards later this year. He simply stated more next year to the fan, without divulging any more details about the games next appearance. It looks like any gamers interested in the Xbox One and Windows 10 game are in for a long wait. It seems like Microsoft wants to impress people with Sea of Thieves as the game was being touted as Rares best game ever during an Xbox conference. Considering how Rare has worked on plenty of acclaimed Nintendo 64 titles like Conkers Bad Fur Day and Goldeneye 007 thats saying a lot. According to GameSpot, one of the games biggest features will be its user created content, as people involved with the game have stated that players will be creating their own memories with Sea of Thieves. Its a very ambitious idea and the pirate theme lends plenty of possibilities to do just that. Despite its reputation, Rare hasnt been too active in the development field lately, aside from this and a couple of titles for the now defunct Kinect device. Most recently, Microsoft released a collection called Rare Replay, which features 30 games from the companys history like Battletoads and the original Perfect Dark. Thats not to say theyve fallen out of relevancy. The aforementioned Battle Toads have been appearing as guest stars for titles like Shovel Knight and Killer Instinct. Hopefully, fans will be able to see more of Rare and the highly anticipated Sea of Thieves next year. While fans of the company have Rare Replay to be busy with, it would be intriguing to see how this new IP from the company turns out. 