2015-10-26 Premier Partner Offering Workshops, Support, Training and More to Accelerate Transition and Maximize Adoption for New Customers LAKEWOOD, Ohio, Oct. 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Google announced an unprecedented offer to the mid market: the company will cover the fees of Google Apps until the customer's existing enterprise agreement (EA) runs out. Google will also cover a portion of the deployment costs. Since being announced, the offer targeting existing Microsoft customers has garnered attention across the United States and Canada. Onix today announces add-ons that will further sweeten the deal. Customers who choose Onix as their Google for Work deployment partner will also receive the following benefits -- at no charge: "As a Premier Google Partner, we're aware that one of the biggest barriers to entry for adopting Google cloud services has been complicated enterprise agreements with Microsoft or other vendors," said Tony Bianco, President of Cloud Computing for Onix. "Google's offer eliminates that barrier, and Onix adds to that by doing what we do best; world-class deployment, training, support and transformation services." To learn more about this offer, complete this short form. Onix will follow up with you.  About OnixOnix (Onix Networking Corp.) is a leading provider of IT solutions and services to a broad range of government and corporate customers. Onix partners with IT industry leaders and offers extensive expertise in the design and implementation of end-to-end comprehensive IT solutions. Onix has been a Google partner since 2001, and was named by Google as their "North American Deployment Partner of the Year - Apps Enterprise" in 2012 and their "Global Partner of the Year - Enterprise Search" in both 2012 and 2013. The Google Search for Work team named Onix as their "Operations and Deployment Partner of the Year - Americas" in 2014. Onix also specializes in cloud computing technologies. Onix is headquartered in Lakewood, OH. For more information, visit www.onixnet.com. Contact:Karen MasugaMarketing Communications Manager216-529-3043karenm@onixnet.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/onix-expands-upon-googles-offer-of-free-apps-for-mid-market-companies-300165506.html SOURCE  Onix Networking Corp. 