2015-10-14 SAN DIEGO, Oct. 14, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Cireson, the industry leading Microsoft Partner focused on service, asset, and identity management, carried out their inaugural conference last Thursday, October 8th, 2015 at Petco Park in San Diego, CA.  After months of excitement and hype leading up to Innovate 15, the conference kicked off with a keynote delivered by founding partners; Shaun Ericson and Paul Sutton. The full house of attendees from around the world and spanning four continents looked on as Ericson and Sutton unveiled a number of exciting announcements, including the latest quarterly releases, and a live demonstration of Cireson Portal functionality on a smartwatch, which showed the Portal's ability to work with users any time, any place, anywhere. Dave Maseman of Duff & Phelps also received his Innovator in Microsoft System Center Service Manager Award on stage, which was followed by sponsor acknowledgements and commentary. Throughout the day, attendees were treated to a host of education focused sessions presented by Cireson experts and sponsor speakers. Sessions ranged from asset management deep dives to automation, Azure training, and beyond. With the spectacular Petco Park stadium as the day's backdrop, individuals enjoyed the company of like-minded community members and networked with colleagues on the rooftop lounges in between sessions or visited sponsor booths. Commenting on the happenings and outcome of the day, Paul Sutton revealed, "It was great to have so many customers, prospects, and partners together, collaborating on how to make their working lives ridiculously more productive with the Cireson Platform. We are all in this together and we are truly inspired by the community that surrounded us at Innovate 15." Before the day was over, many guests expressed their enthusiastic and positive impressions with Innovate 15, conveying incredible satisfaction with the level of knowledge shared throughout each session, the Cireson team's dedication to making the conference community focused, and the unique energy and feel of the entire day. With such amazing feedback surrounding their first conference, Cireson is proud to announce that Innovate 16 will certainly be on the roster for next year.  Innovate 15 welcomed a number of select sponsors, including Microsoft as the sole Platinum Sponsor, and Fyrsoft, Softlanding, and Softchoice as Gold Sponsors. Catapult Systems, Netrix, Savision, Secunia, and SoftwareOne joined as Silver sponsors of Innovate 15. Cireson is very appreciative of the day's sponsors and thanks them for their involvement and contributions in making this an outstanding first conference.  To learn about the latest quarterly releases as touched on in the Innovate 15 keynote, register here for the webinar happening next Wednesday, Oct. 21th at 9am PDT. About Cireson Born in 2012, Cireson was founded on a simple, powerful idea: to be the forward thinkers on all things Microsoft Cloud and System Center. Today, our values from the beginning remain the same; keep it genuine, do the right thing, and listen to customers. As a world leader in Microsoft Cloud and System Center, our mission is to make your working life ridiculously more productive by bringing service and asset management together - that's the Cireson Platform. Taking pride in our expertise, we proudly boast some of the brightest and most fanatical IT professionals in the industry. From the Cireson Platform to Consulting Services and community engagements  everything we do is designed to push technical brilliance forward.  Our headquarters are located in sunny San Diego with offices throughout North America, Australia, and the United Kingdom. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ciresons-innovate-15-comes-to-close-spurs-interest-and-excitement-for-innovate-16-300159262.html SOURCE  Cireson 