2015-10-14 The Metropolitan Museum of Art is already planning its annual event and has already announced details of highly anticipated 2016 Met Gala. The Metropolitan Museum of Art made the announcementTuesday, according to Vogue, along with the central theme and expected hosts for the 2016 Met Gala.The institutes 2016 gala event will be hosted pop singer Taylor Swift, along with co-chairs Idris Elba, Jonathan Ive and Anna Wintour. On the theme, the Costume institute has opted to use the central theme of "Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology."The biggest names in fashion, celebrities and fashionistas will get to enjoy an exhibition that will focus on the contrast between machine-made fashion and handmade haute couture. Andrew Bolton, Curator of the Costume Institute told Vogue that the difference between the two has become recently become unclear. "Traditionally, the distinction between the haute couture and prt--porter was based on the handmade and the machine-made,"he explained. "But recently this distinction has become increasingly blurred as both disciplines have embraced the practices and techniques of the other." The 2016 Met Gala event will feature more than 100 fashion pieces that will showcase handmade couture items, along with machine designed ensembles.The upcoming exhibition will also include "in process"workshops such as 3-D printing, in which the viewing public will be able to see how design takes shape. Apart from landing a hosting gig, the "Shake It Off"singer also is the most nominated artist for this years American Music Awards, Billboard reported.Swift has a total of six nominations, which includes artist of the year, favorite female artist for both pop/rock and adult contemporary categories, favorite pop/rock album for "1989,"song of the year for "Blank Space"and collaboration of the year for "Bad Blood." The American Music Award will be held at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles on Nov. 22.Meanwhile, the 2016 Met Gala is set to happen on May 2, 2016. 