2015-11-05 The 2015 American Music Awards (AMA) is just around the corner and the show is already gearing up to be another star-studded event.Latest performers set to wow the audience during the awardshow includeCharlie Puth and Meghan Trainor, along with the band One Direction. One Direction will return to this years AMA stage for their third consecutive performance, according to Entertainment Weekly. The four member band composed of Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Louis Tomlinson and Harry Styles, is also up for two awards namely Artist of the Year and Favorite Pop/Rock Group.The British band isset to perform their new single Perfect for this years American Music Awards.This marks the first time that One Direction will perform at the AMA without former band member Zayn Malik. Meanwhile, the 2015 American Music Awards will also featureall-star duets during the award show, Billboard reported.Two of the artists in the AMAs all-star duet performance listincludeTrainor and Puth.The two singers are teaming upto sing Puths Marvin Gaye single.Trainor is also set to serenade AMA attendees with her hit single Like Im Gonna Lose You. Aside from Trainor and Puth, Little Big Towns Karen Fairchild and Luke Bryan will also perform a duet in this years American Music Awards, according to Billboard.Bryan will debut his latest song Home Alone Tonight with Fairchild. Other stars who are set to wow AMA viewers includes Selena Gomez, Nick Jonas, Carrie Underwood, Demi Lovato, 5 Seconds of Summer and Walk the Moon.The 2015 American Music Awards will also be hosted by Jennifer Lopez. In this years AMA, the artist that received the most nominationis Taylor Swift, with six nods, including Artist of the Year, E!News reported.The Bad Blood singer is also up for Favorite Pop/Rock Female Artist and her album 1989 is nominated for a Favorite Pop/Rock Album award. The 2015 American Music Awards will be held at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles on Nov. 22. It will also be aired live in ABC at 8 p.m. 