2015-10-16 MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Rasmussen College, a regionally accredited private college and Public Benefit Corporation, today announced new tuition reductions of as much as 51 percent for 10 degree programs across its Schools of Business, Health Sciences and Technology. The price cuts strengthen the College's ongoing commitment to college affordability by providing multiple degree options at a lower tuition rate  which helps remove a barrier for students looking to advance their careers and addresses the skills gap present in today's workforce. Starting in November, new full- and part-time students will be eligible for the reduced rates, saving them between 16 percent and 51 percent on tuition costs depending on the degree program. "We know cost is a hurdle many students face when going back to school, which is why Rasmussen College consistently reviews the impact tuition has on our students' futures and looks for opportunities to reduce cost while maintaining a great student experience and positive outcomes," said Dr. Trenda Boyum-Breen, president of Rasmussen College. "Rasmussen College is committed to providing affordable higher education opportunities, and we are excited to once again lead the way on finding new ways to address college affordability by reducing the cost of some of our biggest and most in-demand degree programs." Tuition Reductions Available Across 10 In-Demand Degree Programs School of BusinessNew full-time students enrolling in six of the Rasmussen College School of Business bachelor's degree-completion programs will see cost reductions of 23 percent, while part-time students will see a 16 percent cost reduction. Eligible programs include: The leading-edge bachelor's degree-completion programs are developed by industry professionals and designed for students who have some college credit and wish to pursue an advanced business degree. They are also available with the Flex Choice option, which allows students to take online, self-paced courses alongside their faculty-led courses at no additional cost. Depending on the number of self-paced courses students choose to take, they can save up to an additional 27 percent on tuition costs. That brings the total cost of the bachelor's degree-completion programs, including all additional fees, to around $15,000 for full-time students  making them some of the most affordable advanced business degrees in the country. Students can also graduate in as few as 18 months.* School of Health SciencesThree Rasmussen College School of Health Sciences degree programs will also see 23 percent tuition reductions for new, full-time students and 16 percent reductions for part-time students. These programs prepare students to work in some of the most in-demand healthcare professions. Job growth for health information technicians, health educators and community health workers is projected between 21 percent and 22 percent in the next 10 years. Eligible programs include: In addition to the tuition reductions, Rasmussen College also redesigned its Medical Billing and Coding program so students can now earn their certificate and enter the workforce three months faster  in just nine months.* The College also updated the curriculum for its HIT program to better prepare students for the Registered Health Information Technician (RHIT) certification exam.  School of TechnologyThe cost of the Rasmussen College Computer Science Bachelor's degree-completion program is being reduced by as much as 42 percent for new, full-time students and 51 percent for part-time students. The recently redesigned program offers students real-life, hands-on learning experiences in a business context, and trains them on the latest technology from Amazon, Apple and Microsoft platforms. Graduates will be prepared to contribute to organizational success as business analysts, solutions architects, developers, analysts and solutions engineers.  The Health and Wellness, HIT and Computer Science degree programs are all also available with the Flex Choice option. Rasmussen College Leads on College AffordabilityThe tuition reductions at Rasmussen College are just the latest of its ongoing efforts to provide more affordable higher education opportunities for students. As an innovator in the industry, the College has led the market with several cost-saving initiatives over the past few years, including: To learn more about Rasmussen College and its affordable degree options, please visit www.rasmussen.edu.  *Completion time is dependent on transfer credits accepted and courses completed each term. ABOUT RASMUSSEN COLLEGE:Rasmussen College is a regionally accredited private college and Public Benefit Corporation that is dedicated to changing lives through high-demand educational programs and public service. Rasmussen College offers certificate and diploma programs through associate's and bachelor's degrees online and across its 23 Midwest and Florida campuses in a supportive, student-centered and career-focused environment. Since 1900, Rasmussen College has been dedicated to being a primary contributor to the growth and development of the communities it serves. As a Public Benefit Corporation, Rasmussen College is committed to helping change lives through education and making a positive impact on society through public service and a variety of community-based initiatives. For more information about Rasmussen College, please visitwww.rasmussen.edu.  Contact: Molly AndersenPhone: 952-844-5647Mobile: 903-920-4366Email: molly.andersen@collegiseducation.com  Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20121105/MM06109LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/rasmussen-college-strengthens-commitment-to-providing-affordable-degree-options-makes-new-tuition-reductions-across-multiple-degree-programs-300161200.html SOURCE  Rasmussen College 