2015-11-06 SAN MATEO, Calif., Nov. 6, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Apttus, the category-defining Quote-to-Cash solution provider, today announced the results of recent volunteering and philanthropic activities sponsored and championed by its employees. As both a leader in the tech space and a growing international presence, Apttus is proud to highlight its deeply-engrained passion for volunteering time and effort to those in need. Having recently opened new offices in the continental United States and abroad, Apttus leadership is committed to establishing strong local community presence. Recent examples include: "Apttus, as a company, looks beyond traditional success parameters. Our growth and revenue simply aren't as meaningful if we're not using them to create relevant opportunities to introduce good into this world," said Kirk Krappe, co-founder and chief executive officer of Apttus. "We are exceedingly grateful to have hired employees that are just as passionate about these priorities as we are  it is an honor to enable and expand these activities as we continue to grow." "It's a great time to be at Apttus: not only are we advancing the industry, we're also encouraged and enabled to be active members of the community," said Michael Jackson, partner program manager at Apttus. "Knowing that these programs are just the start is really exciting." Apttus offices in Atlanta, Bengaluru, Bozeman, Chicago, Japan, London, San Mateo, Sydney and Ahmedabad continually seek out new opportunities to provide and assist organizations in nearby areas. New Apttus employees are provided 16 hours off strictly for volunteering, with no accrual required. As the Apttus organization continues to expand, philanthropic activity will remain a core value of the leader in Quote-to-Cash software.  About ApttusApttus, the category-defining Quote-to-Cash software company, drives the vital business process between the buyer's interest in a purchase and the realization of revenue. Apttus is delivered on the Salesforce App Cloud, the world's most trusted and comprehensive cloud delivery infrastructure. Applications include Configure Price Quote (CPQ), Renewals, Contract Management and Revenue Management. Additionally, Apttus' patent pending X-Author technology enables Microsoft Office to be a user-interface with full interaction and control between Salesforce and Microsoft Office. Apttus is based in San Mateo, California, with additional offices located across the globe. For more information visit:apttus.com. Media Contact Alex Cohen Apttus Press@Apttus.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/apttus-global-philanthropic-efforts-set-an-example-for-growing-companies-300174225.html SOURCE  Apttus 