2015-10-15 REDMOND, Wash., Oct. 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Halo fans around the world will join together on Oct. 26 to celebrate the global launch of "Halo 5: Guardians," one of the most anticipated games of 2015. Streaming exclusively on YouTube, "Halo 5: Live," a six-hour live broadcast, will kick off at 6 p.m. EDT on Oct. 26 and culminate at midnight when "Halo 5: Guardians" goes on sale in North America. The broadcast will feature exclusive gameplay reveals, celebrity appearances, live interviews with the 343 Industries development team and much more. "Halo 5: Guardians" is the most ambitious addition to the $4.6 billion sci-fi franchise to date, bringing together a gripping story, deep character narrative and teamwork-based gameplay. As a mysterious and unstoppable force threatens the universe, the Master Chief has gone AWOL and the UNSC's elite man hunter, Spartan Locke, is tasked with hunting him down. As the pursuit unfolds, players can band together in a four-player cooperative epic that spans three worlds, or challenge friends and rivals in new multiplayer modes.1 "'Halo 5: Guardians' is the game we have always dreamed of making, and it was important to us that Halo fans in every corner of the world could join us in an epic-scale launch celebration," said Bonnie Ross, corporate vice president and head of 343 Industries. "Whether they tune into the live broadcast on YouTube or come out and celebrate with us in person at one of our global fan events, we hope Halo Nation will help make 'Halo 5: Guardians' the biggest game launch in Xbox history." Streaming a global celebration The "Halo 5: Live" broadcast will connect millions of fans around the world, allowing viewers to watch, comment and virtually participate in multiple launch celebrations held in key international cities. Microsoft is reinventing the traditional video game launch, inviting fans to join in the celebration, no matter where they are located. Festivities currently planned include the following: "Millions of our fans around the world are waiting in anticipation of the launch of 'Halo 5: Guardians,' so we wanted to do something special for them and launch a video game in a way that has never been done before," said Aaron Greenberg, head of games marketing for Xbox. "We are excited to stream the 'Halo 5: Guardians' launch exclusively through YouTube so fans can share in a New Year's Eve-like countdown moment together." Special fan events will take place at all Microsoft stores. All stores will be streaming the "Halo 5: Live" broadcast and are offering an exclusive Halo poster with a $25 purchase, early gameplay and more for the midnight launch of "Halo 5: Guardians."Fans can also enter a sweepstakes to win a trip for two to Seattle for a tour of the Xbox and 343 studios. More information can be found on the Microsoft store Facebook page. The full "Halo 5: Live" launch day programming lineup will be announced soon. Additional "Halo 5: Live" details can be found at https://www.xbox.com/Halo5Live. About the Halo franchise Exclusively published by Microsoft Studios and developed by 343 Industries, the Halo franchise is an award-winning collection of properties that has transcended video games and grown into a global entertainment phenomenon. Beginning with the original "Halo: Combat Evolved" (2001), the critically acclaimed and record-shattering series of games has reinvented how people think about video games and has since built a fan base of millions worldwide and inspired multiple New York Times best-selling novels, a live-action digital series, comic books, action figures, apparel and more. About Xbox Xbox is Microsoft's premier entertainment brand for the TV, phone, PC and tablet. In living rooms or on the go, Xbox is home to the best and broadest games, as well as one of the world's largest libraries of movies, TV, music and sports. Your favorite games, TV and entertainment come to life in new ways through the power of Kinect, Xbox SmartGlass and Xbox Live, the world's premier social entertainment network. More information about Xbox can be found online at http://www.xbox.com. About Microsoft Microsoft (Nasdaq "MSFT" @microsoft) is the leading platform and productivity company for the mobile-first, cloud-first world, and its mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. 1 Online multiplayer requires Xbox Live Gold subscription (sold separately).2 "Halo: The Fall of Reach" animated series is streaming only via Halo Channel and requires broadband Internet; ISP fees apply. More details about Xbox One, Xbox One games and the latest Xbox news can be found at http://news.xbox.com. Press releases and media assets can be found at http://news.xbox.com/media (and relevant content can be found by clicking on Select Category). Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20000822/MSFTLOGO Video -https://gaming.youtube.com/watch?v=RqvCe5Jab-k  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/xbox-and-youtube-team-up-for-one-of-a-kind-halo-5-guardians-launch-celebration-300160201.html SOURCE  Microsoft 