2015-11-11 SAN DIEGO, Nov. 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Cireson is proud to continue their support as Silver Sponsors of the Experts Live conference in Ede, Netherlands on Thursday, November 19, 2015. As a leading System Center partner and community voice, Cireson looks forward to presenting to the community and offering their expertise at this event, which welcomes knowledgeable and passionate community members each year. During this event, Cireson will showcasetheirrecently released Password Reset app and the free Service Desk Ticker app. As usual, they will offer expert insights into service, asset, and identity management. The Cireson team looks forward to connecting with new and familiar faces alike and providing the crowds with the much-loved IT Monkey as well. Commenting on Cireson's attendance, Nick Hebert comments, "It's fantastic to be a part of this event and connect with the community. Every year Experts Live attracts a great audience and the fact that this year the conference is officially sold out is a testament to the team behind it and the value of the content being shared." Those who plan to attend Experts Live can connect with Cireson in the following ways:  Individuals unable to attend but still interested in connecting with the Cireson team can enquire via their Contact Us page. Also, don't miss recent news regarding the company, including the Cireson Platform and sign up for their newsletter here. About Cireson Born in 2012, Cireson was founded on a simple, powerful idea: to be the forward thinkers on all things Microsoft Cloud and System Center. Today, our values from the beginning remain the same; keep it genuine, do the right thing, and listen to customers. As a world leader in Microsoft Cloud and System Center, our mission is to make your working life ridiculously more productive by bringing service and asset management together - that's the Cireson Platform. Taking pride in our expertise, we proudly boast some of the brightest and most fanatical IT professionals in the industry. From the Cireson Platform to Consulting Services and community engagements  everything we do is designed to push technical brilliance forward.  Our headquarters are located in sunny San Diego with offices throughout North America, Australia, and the United Kingdom.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cireson-joins-experts-live-as-silver-sponsor-300176363.html SOURCE  Cireson 