2015-11-11 LAS VEGAS, Nov. 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Intacct Advantage 2015 -- Intacct, a leading provider of best-in-class cloud ERP software, today announced it continues to deliver impressive growth across all sales channels. New bookings for the company's first fiscal quarter of 2016 increased 44% over the same period in the prior year. The quarter was marked by growth in both new customer bookings, as well as add-on sales to existing customers that continue to grow and expand their use of Intacct's cloud ERP software. Intacct continues to see strong demand coming from companies replacing Microsoft Dynamics and a variety of products from Sage. To succeed, these companies need a modern ERP system that offers not only a cost advantage, but also delivers productivity improvements and better visibility in their financial and operational performance. In a recent survey, TechValidate found that nearly 9 out of 10 Intacct customers that previously used ERP software from Microsoft or Sage wish they had switched to Intacct sooner. [Source: TechValidate. TVID: A8E-76E-5E0] Intacct also saw outstanding results closing deals versus top cloud competitors, including NetSuite. Fast-growing companies have realized that Intacct's best-in-class ERP software delivers a host of benefits over a single-vendor suite. A recent TechValidate survey found that the top reasons companies selected Intacct over NetSuite include: ease of use (63%), depth of functionality (51%), scalability and ability to support growth (49%), and ease of integration with other systems (40%). [Source: TechValidate TVID: 2BB-AA5-7DE] During the quarter, Intacct and our channel partners closed deals with fast-growing companies across a range of key verticals, including Software/SaaS, Services, Healthcare, Hospitality, and Nonprofit organizations. Intacct also added new public companies to its customer roster, including high-fliers Bombardier and Wisdom Tree Investments. Intacct also continues to receive accolades across several area of the business, including a 2015 American Business Award for Innovation and making the 2015 AlwaysOn Global 250, as well as being named the top rated Midsize Software Company in the Bay Area and one of the 2015 "Best and Brightest Companies to Work For" in the Bay Area. "Intacct continues to deliver across three key areas: Customer Success, Partner Success, and Employee Success. That is what's fueling our outstanding growth," said Robert Reid, CEO of Intacct. "The market for cloud ERP software remains strong as companies migrate away from outdated on-premises systems. Intacct is committed to providing outstanding value to the customer switching off of those legacy systems. Our best-in-class cloud ERP solution provides high-growth companies with the depth of functionality to automate complex processes and delivers the financial and operational insights to make more strategic decisions. When you combine that with unmatched levels of customer and employee satisfaction and an unrivaled Channel program, it should come as no surprise that Intacct continues to deliver strong results." About Intacct Intacct is a leading provider of best-in-class cloud ERP software. Bringing cloud computing to finance and accounting, Intacct's award-winning applications are the preferred financial applications for AICPA business solutions. In use by more than 10,500 organizations from startups to public companies, Intacct is designed to improve company performance and make finance more productive. Hundreds of leading CPA firms and Value Added Resellers also offer Intacct to their clients. The Intacct system includes accounting, cash management, purchasing, vendor management, financial consolidation, revenue recognition, subscription billing, project accounting, fund accounting, inventory management, and financial reporting applications. Intacct is headquartered in San Jose, California. For more information, please visit www.intacct.com. Connect with Intacct on LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and YouTube. Intacct and the Intacct logo are trademarks of Intacct Corporation. All other company and product names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120123/SF39551LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/intacct-delivers-strong-fiscal-q1-results-with-44-percent-growth-in-new-bookings-300176654.html SOURCE  Intacct 