2015-11-13 SAN MATEO, Calif., Nov. 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Apttus, the category-defining Quote-to-Cash solution provider, today announced its recognition on Deloitte's Technology Fast 500 list, a ranking of the 500 fastest growing technology, media, telecommunications, life sciences and energy tech companies in North America.  Apttus' chief executive officer, Kirk Krappe, credits the company's substantial growth with the organization's forward-thinking customers and the wide appeal of Quote-to-Cash, which encompasses configure price quote,e-commerce, contract management and revenue management solutions. He said, "This honor and acknowledgment from Deloitte is a testament to not just the growth of Apttus, but also to the essential nature of the Quote-to-Cash space." "Amid a fierce business climate, there seems to be no shortage of new and established companies that are unlocking a seemingly unlimited potential for growth and advancement through technology's continued disruption and proliferation across industries," said Sandra Shirai, principal, Deloitte Consulting LLP and U.S. technology, media and telecommunications leader. "It is inspiring to witness the innovative ways that companies are incorporating emerging technologies for business gains, be it cognitive computing, or the Internet of Things. We congratulate all those ranked on this year's Fast 500 and look forward to seeing their continued growth into 2016."  "Through the efforts and utilization of new and emerging technologies from these companies, we are witnessinggreater business demands from across almost all industries," added Jim Atwell, national managing partner of the emerging company practice, Deloitte & Touche LLP. "We look forward to the opportunity to serve these companies as they strive to grow to the next level  be it towards introducing new solutions or enteringnew markets  and with it make important and long lasting impressions on the technology market as a whole."  Apttus previously was recognized as a Technology Fast 500 award winner for 2014. Overall, 2015 Technology Fast 500 companies achieved revenue growth ranging from 109 percent to 21,984 percent from 2011 to 2014, with an average growth of 850 percent. About Deloitte's 2015 Technology Fast 500Deloitte's Technology Fast 500 provides a ranking of the fastest growing technology, media, telecommunications, life sciences and energy tech companies  both public and private  in North America. Technology Fast 500 award winners are selected based on percentage fiscal year revenue growth from 2011 to 2014. In order to be eligible for Technology Fast 500 recognition, companies must own proprietary intellectual property or technology that is sold to customers in products that contribute to a majority of the company's operating revenues. Companies must have base-year operating revenues of at least $50,000 USD or CD, and current-year operating revenues of at least $5 million USD or CD. Additionally, companies must be in business for a minimum of four years and be headquartered within North America. About ApttusApttus, the category-defining Quote-to-Cash software company, drives the vital business process between the buyer's interest in a purchase and the realization of revenue. Apttus is delivered on the Salesforce App Cloud, the world's most trusted and comprehensive cloud delivery infrastructure. Applications include Configure Price Quote (CPQ), Renewals, Contract Management and Revenue Management. Additionally, Apttus' patent pending X-Author technology enables Microsoft Office to be a user-interface with full interaction and control between Salesforce and Microsoft Office. Apttus is based in San Mateo, California, with additional offices located across the globe. For more information visit:apttus.com. Alex CohenApttusPress@Apttus.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/apttus-recognized-as-one-of-the-fastest-growing-companies-in-north-america-on-deloittes-2015-technology-fast-500-300178586.html SOURCE  Apttus 