2015-11-05 NEW YORK, Nov. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- About SMB IT Spending in BRICBRIC countries contributed approximately 38% of the global SMB IT spending in 2014. Technavio predicts that, in BRIC, SMB IT spending will cross $186 billion by 2019 from $111 billion in 2015. Over the past five years, IT spending priorities of SMBs have been redefined because of the growing awareness of the impact of IT on businesses, both top line and bottom line. Therefore, there has been growing focus on server and storage virtualization technologies, mobility, Big data/analytics, business intelligence, cloud computing, next-generation workspace, and collaboration technologies from SMBs. However, some of the challenges faced by SMBs are IT budget, lack of leadership initiative in implementing IT changes, lack of IT knowledge to determine the ROI of IT investment in the business, and lack of skilled workforce.Technavio's analysts forecast the SMB IT market in BRIC to grow at a CAGR of 10.89% over the period 2014-2019. Covered in this ReportThe report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the SMB IT market in BRIC for the period 2015-2019. The market can be categorized into three segments: hardware, software and services.Technavio's report, SMB IT Market in BRIC 2015-2019, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. It covers the market landscape and its growth prospects in the coming years. The report includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key Regions- Brazil - Russia- India- China  Key Vendors- Accenture - Cognizant- Digital China Holdings- HP- Huawei- IBM- Lenovo Other Prominent Vendors - Acer- AsiaInfo Linkage- AsusTek- Atos Origin- Capgemini- China National Software- Cisco Systems- Dell- HCL Infosystems- IBS- Infosys- Microsoft- National Computer- Neusoft Group- Oracle- SAP- TCS- Wipro Infotech- Xerox  Market Driver- Government Initiatives- For a full, detailed list, view our report Market Challenge- Access to Fragmented Market - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market Trend- Focus on First Time Technology Adopters - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key Questions Answered in this Report- What will the market size be in 2019 and what will the growth rate be?- What are the key market trends?- What is driving this market?- What are the challenges to market growth?- Who are the key vendors in this market space?- What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors?- What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03085892-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker reviews, finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. 