2015-10-26 BURLINGTON, Massachusetts, October 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Attunity Ltd. (NASDAQ: ATTU), a leading provider of data management software solutions, announced today the availability of Attunity Replicate 5.0, a high-performance data replication and loading solution designed to accelerate enterprise Big Data analytics initiatives. By automating Big Data movement to, from and between databases, data warehouses, Hadoop and the Cloud, the latest version of Attunity Replicate reduces time, labor and ultimately the cost of making Big Data analytics available in real time. The Attunity solution, which now supports the open-source database PostgreSQL, and includes several UI enhancements, will be unveiled live this week at two concurrent events - Oracle OpenWorld, Booth #2140, from October 26-28 in San Francisco, and PASS Summit Conference, Booth #713, from October 27-29 in Seattle. The market for open-source database platforms continues to grow. In fact, Gartner forecasts[1]that more than 70% of new in-house applications will be developed on open-source databases by 2018, and that 50% of existing commercial relational database instances will have been converted, or are in the process of being converted, to open-source databases. PostgreSQL, often termed simplyPostgres, is a free, open-source andobject-relational database management system(ORDBMS) with an emphasis on extensibility and standards-based compliance. "Customers are looking for solutions to feed data for analytics that can be deployed quickly and with minimal effort. Attunity has been rising to meet this demand, most recently with our announcement of Attunity Replicate Express for Oracle, SQL Server and Hadoop, and now with support for PostgreSQL - one of the most advanced open system platforms used in enterprises today," explained Lawrence Schwartz, Chief Marketing Officer at Attunity. "PostgreSQL brings not only the advantages of easy accessibility and a strong community, but also a level of functionality that is rich enough to suit a wide variety of user deployments. Together with Attunity Replicate 5.0, customers can glean better insights and a competitive edge faster and more efficiently than ever before." With Attunity Replicate 5.0, organizations can achieve faster time-to-value for Big Data projects and capitalize on larger amounts of data economically. Key features, in addition to several UI enhancements, include: Learn more: About Attunity Attunity is a leading provider of data management software solutions that enable access, management, sharing and distribution of data, including Big Data, across heterogeneous enterprise platforms, organizations, and thecloud. Our software solutions includedata replication,data flow management,test data management,change data capture(CDC),data connectivity,enterprise file replication(EFR),managed file transfer(MFT),data warehouse automation, data usage analytics, andcloud data delivery. Attunity has supplied innovative software solutions to its enterprise-class customers for nearly 20 years and has successful deployments at thousands of organizations worldwide. Attunity provides software directly and indirectly through a number of partners such as Microsoft, Oracle, IBM and HP. Headquartered inBoston, Attunity serves its customers via offices inNorth America,Europe, andAsia Pacificand through a network of local partners. For more information, visithttp://www.attunity.comor ourIn Tune blogand join our community onTwitter,Facebook,LinkedInandYouTube. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding the anticipated features and benefits of Replicate Solutions, within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other Federal Securities laws. Statements preceded by, followed by, or that otherwise include the words "believes", "expects", "anticipates", "intends", "estimates", "plans", and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as "will", "should", "would", "may" and "could" are generally forward-looking in nature and not historical facts. Because such statements deal with future events, they are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, could differ materially from Attunity's current expectations. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to: our reliance on strategic relationships with our distributors, OEM and VAR partners, and on our other significant customers; risks and uncertainties relating to acquisitions, including costs and difficulties related to integration of acquired businesses; timely availability and customer acceptance of Attunity's new and existing products, including Attunity Maestro; changes in the competitive landscape, including new competitors or the impact of competitive pricing and products; a shift in demand for products such as Attunity's products; the impact on revenues of economic and political uncertainties and weaknesses in various regions of the world, including the commencement or escalation of hostilities or acts of terrorism; and other factors and risks on which Attunity may have little or no control. This list is intended to identify only certain of the principal factors that could cause actual results to differ. For a more detailed description of the risks and uncertainties affecting Attunity, reference is made to Attunity's latest Annual Report on Form 20-F which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the other risk factors discussed from time to time by Attunity in reports filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Except as otherwise required by law, Attunity undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. [1] Source : Gartner Report - The State of Open-Source RDBMSs, 2015, Published: 21 April 2015  Attunity 2015. All Rights Reserved. Attunity is a registered trademark of Attunity Inc. All other product and company names herein may be trademarks of their respective owners. Press contacts: Melissa Kolodziej, Director of Marketing Communications, Attunitymelissa.kolodziej@attunity.com Tel. +1-603-305-3664 SOURCE  Attunity Ltd. 