2015-10-21 NEWTOWN SQUARE, Pa. and LONDON, Oct. 21, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Wilson Legal Solutions, a best-in-class provider of business of law and technology services and solutions to global law firms, is pleased to announce the appointment of Suki Sahansara as director of its EMEA professional services practice. Sahansara oversees the company's EMEA operations and staff from Wilson Legal Solutions' office in central London. She brings with her domain experience honed during her more than 25-year tenure with leading software vendors including Thomson Reuters Elite and Aderant. In her new role, Sahansara is responsible for overseeing the delivery of professional services within EMEA. She is also supporting business development efforts for the company's consulting and business of law services as well as its Wilson Analytics Professional Suite. "Suki is well respected in the legal market in the UK and will be reaching out to our existing and potential law firm clients to strengthen our direct relationships," says Bruce Wilson, managing director and CEO of Wilson Legal Solutions. "I believe our clients will find her to be attentive and responsive to their needs. She has exceptional project management and leadership skills that make her a tremendous asset to the company and our staff as she works to grow our team based in the UK." During her career, Sahansara has managed teams of up to 35 consultants and oversaw new implementations, mergers, and upgrades. She also successfully developed services models that enabled successful delivery of on-time, within-budget implementations. Early in her career, Sahansara worked with Miles 33, first as an implementation consultant and then as a client services and support manager. She holds a Bachelor of Science degree in computer science from University of East London. About Wilson Legal Solutions Wilson Legal Solutions enables law firms worldwide to leverage the benefits of technology to help improve profitability and productivity. From discovery and planning to implementation, customisation, and ongoing support, Wilson Legal Solutions helps law firms use software more effectively. The company is a Certified 3E Services Partner of Thomson Reuters Elite and specialises in extensive 3E, Enterprise, BI, and Design Gallery software services. The company's own Wilson Analytics Professional Suite enables real-time insight into key metrics built from Elite data using standard Microsoft products. Law firms can query, analyse, and view dashboard-based visualisations of law firm data surfaced through Wilson Analytics Professional or external data sources from desktop, laptop, or mobile devices. Visit www.wilsonlegalsol.com to learn more.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wilson-legal-solutions-appoints-suki-sahansara-to-grow-emea-professional-services-practice-300163538.html SOURCE  Wilson Legal Solutions 