2015-11-13 VIENNA and LOS ANGELES, Nov. 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- bright box LLC, a provider of a connected car platform for automotive manufacturers headquartered in Vienna (www.bright-box.eu), will present its turnkey connected car platform "Remoto" as well as the customer app solution "Dealer Mobility" at the LA Auto Show 2015. bright box shows its smart car technologies as a white label solution for OEMs within the Connected Car Expo (CCE), the integrated exhibition framework for Smart Car (http://laautoshow.vporoom.com/Brightbox). Remoto comes equipped with all necessary components: a certified telematic control unit (TCU) for vehicle installation, a web-based control panel allowing the manufacturer to monitor vehicle status and vehicle information, and a customer app allowing the owner to track the vehicle and control it remotely. Live experience and contributionVisitors of this year's LA Auto Show will get the opportunity to see Remoto in action. The bright box stand will present an fully connected demo car with an built-in Remoto solution. Therefore, visitors will be able to review all functions of the connected car platform live. Remoto is a goldmine of data for car manufacturers. The bright box stand will also feature "Dealer Mobility", a customer app solution especially for car dealers that can be personalised and rolled out within a few days. Remoto provides big data for predictive analyticsBoth manufacturers and their customers benefit from Remoto. With the connected car platform, car manufacturers acquire the data about their customers and their cars needed for highly interesting and predictive big data analyses, while car owners benefit from the remote control app. It will allow drivers to remotely lock or unlock their vehicles, control cooling and even instantly message the owner if the car is involved in a collision. Furthermore, users can easily locate their vehicle with a touch of a button - an ideal theft deterrent and security feature. Turnkey connected and cost-effectiveIn Europe, Remoto is hosted on servers in Amsterdam using Microsoft Azure Cloud. Remoto's all-in-one principle has a large advantage: it means that car manufacturers will receive their individualised, turnkey and cost-effective connected car platform within nine months. Remoto is already successfully used by several car manufacturers  including Infiniti, KIA and Nissan. About bright box LLC bright box LLC (www.bright-box.eu) is a European company that is specialized in solutions and platforms in the field of connected car. The headquarter of bright box is in Vienna, but the developers mainly work in East Europe. The bright box management team possesses many years of experience with software systems in the field of automotive. Founded in 2011, the start-up consists of 75 employees today. bright box basically offers two products: Remoto, a connected car platform for automobile manufacturers, and Dealer Mobility, a customer app solution for car dealers. With Remoto, bright box provides a turnkey connected car platform from one source, including all components that automobile manufacturers need: a certified telematic control unit (TCU) for vehicle installation that was developed in cooperation with European brand leader ECS Electronics from Breda, a web-based control panel as well as a customer app for Remoto car navigation and tracking by the car owner. bright box uses Microsoft Azure Cloud hosted on servers in Amsterdam as basis for its connected car platform in Europe. Remoto is already successfully used by automobile manufacturers like Infiniti, KIA and Nissan, and the connected car platform by bright box is in its pilot phase at several other car manufacturers  in different regions of the world: from Europe via Middle East to Asia. Video - http://youtu.be/aFe6dJjqSS8  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/remoto-at-the-la-auto-show-2015--bright-box-presents-turnkey-connected-smart-car-solution-300178525.html SOURCE  bright box 