2015-10-16 Xbox One previewers can expect another New Xbox One Experience as Microsoft release a lengthy patch with fixes. The new patch targets a few areas, including the controller firmware update, console boot, the home screen, games and apps and the Live TV. There are a couple of notable fixes with the major areas of the patch. For Live TV, Xbox One previewers can now enjoy Dolby Digital surround, favouriting support for App channels and voice command navigation support. Players should also check out the newest controller firmware update. DualShockers features a full list of both the fixes with the new update, as well as the known issues. The preview is currently set only for participants of the beta program, with no word on when exactly these will be released for all other Xbox One users. In addition, some other issues have also been handled. Screen dimming issues are now resolved, freezing for some media titles have already stopped and there are fewer instances of crashing when using the Edge browser. However, Microsoft is encouraging Xbox One preview testers to explore their favourite websites to see if the fix has fully resolved the issue. For all Xbox One and Xbox 360, Major Nelson has already announced over his official blogthe new games included in the Deals with Gold for the week. two new popular titles are spearheading the new titles. "Dragon Age: Inquisition" and "Dragon Age: Inquisition" Deluxe are now at a 50 percent discount. This comes at a great time, since the latest DLC Trespasser was released a few weeks ago. Players who want more city-side action can get "GTA V"at 33 percent discount. Theres an even better deal at 40 percent though, which is the "GTA V + Great White Shark Card."Other titles worth checking out on the Xbox One include "Thomas Was Alone,""Steamworld Dig"and "Jackbox Party Pack 2." On the Xbox 360, there are some older "Dragon Age" offers for both base game and expansions. "Dragon Age 2" and "Dragon Age: Origins" are both discounted at 75 percent. Seven expansions are offered at 50 percent discount. These are "Dragon Age 2" expansions Legacy, Mark of the Assassin and The Exiled Prince and "Dragon Age: Origins" DLCs Awakening, Lelienas Song, Wardens Keep and Witch Hunt. Rockstar Games infamous series is also offered for the Xbox One. "GTA V," "GTA IV" and "GTA: San Andreas" are now available for 58 percent, and 75 percent discounts on prices. Some deals are only available for Xbox Live Gold and Silver members.  New Xbox One Experience update(Credit: YouTube/Jonny Troche) 