2015-11-10 LONDON -- How does the leader of one of the world's biggest technology companies spend his week? According to a presentation by MicrosoftCEO Satya Nadella, it's mostly in meetings, responding to emails and working late intothe night. Speaking at the companys Future Decoded conference in London on Tuesday,Nadella, who took the reins at Microsoft over 18 months ago, demonstrated the power of Windows 10 and gave us a glimpse intowhat he does and how he workson a day-to-day basis. Using Delve-- an Office 365 appwhich automatically tracks a user'sactivities throughout the week by monitoring calendars, emails and the other productivity tools --Nadella showed the audiencethat last week he spent a total of 16 hours in meetings, well within his goal of under 20 hours per week.  

 

Satya Nadella shows an analytics page from the "Delve" app, which computes how much time he spends on specific tasks each week.
David Gilbert


 Nadella failed to meet his goal of spending less than nine hours per week on emails, clocking up 9.6 hours in the past seven days. Healso fell short onthe time he wantedto spend focusing-- whichhe described simply as "time for work."Nadella considered himself "focused"for onlytwohours last week, just half of his assigned goal. One doesn't become the head of a $440 billion companyjust by sticking to a 9-to-5 schedule, and Nadella showedthis by working eight hours outside of typical work hours last week, over 50 percent more than his goal of five overtime hours per week. iPhone Pro To show just how open the companyhas becometo other platforms, Nadella showed off an iPhone running a host of Microsofts apps, including OneNote, Outlook and Office. Dubbing the device an iPhone Pro -- a term he had jokingly coined at a Dreamforce conference in September -- Nadella pointedout that this was not his personal phone. Speaking about the Outlook email app on Apple's device, Nadellasaid: "Outlook on your iPhone is the best email client for both Exchange and Gmail." Satya Nadella demos an 'iPhone Pro' - so called, he says, as it has all #Microsoft's apps pic.twitter.com/CViLJXUZEg 	 Leo Kelion (@LeoKelion) November 10, 2015 Nadella revealed that his personal phone was thenew Lumia 950 XL--due to go on sale on Nov. 20 -- which was filled with even more Microsoft apps.Nadella demoed'Wunderlist'--a list-making and collaboration tool, which is among his favorites. In alist titled "Homework," Nadella listed various tasks, including:"brainstorm global tour,remind CIOs to upgrade,write up Hololens noteandprep personal story." Nadella also showed off the Continuumfeature of the Lumia 950 XL, which allows users to plugphones into a monitor, connect to a Bluetooth keyboard and have a full-fledged PC experience. Finally Nadella showed a Surface Pro 4 in action, which allowed him to log in using facial recognition with the Windows Hellofeature. Nadelladid not, however,demo the companys new Surface Book tablet/laptop device, as itreportedly still has significant technical issues andhas yet to receive an officialrelease date. 