2015-11-05 SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Today, Meteor Development Group (MDG), the creator of the first unified JavaScript application development platform for mobile and web, and Flatiron School, an accelerated learning program for web and mobile development, announced the Meteor Web Development Scholarship program. Meteor will be providing 15 full scholarships to high school-aged girls from economically disadvantaged backgrounds for Flatiron School's Intro to Web Development and Design course taking place in Spring 2016 in New York City. "Programming skills and computer science education should be available to everyone, and we want this scholarship to pave the way for 15 girls from underrepresented communities to explore the possibility of becoming software engineers," said Geoff Schmidt, co-founder and CEO at Meteor. "Meteor is an open source platform, and we strongly believe in utilizing open source as a tool to democratize access to innovation and education." According to code.org, while women earn 57 percentof Bachelor's degrees in the United States, only 12 percentare awarded computer science degrees. The recipients of the Meteor Web Design Scholarship will learn: "Flatiron School and Meteor are aligned in our philosophies of education, empowerment, and open source curriculum," said Adam Enbar, co-founder and CEO of Flatiron School. "Flatiron School has always supported initiatives  such as Kode with Karlie and our work with the City of New York - that advance computer science education for all socioeconomic backgrounds. With a goal of democratizing knowledge, Meteor is putting its money where its mouth is with the Web Development Scholarship." Applicants of the Meteor Web Development Scholarship do not need a programming experience to apply for the scholarship. Applications are due by Tuesday, January 5th, and scholarship winners will be selected by Tuesday, January 19th. Classes will begin in mid-February 2016. To learn more about the Meteor Web Development Scholarship program or apply, please visit: https://precollege.flatironschool.com/meteor-web-development-scholarship. About MeteorMeteor Development Group (MDG) is setting the standard for modern application development with Connected Client app architectures for mobile and web with its JavaScript App Platform, Meteor. MDG's platform, tools and services are making app development radically simple for developers everywhere. The open source Meteor project is overseen by San Francisco-based Meteor Development Group and backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Matrix Partners, Trinity Ventures, Y Combinator, and individual investors. Meteor was created in 2012 by Geoff Schmidt, Nick Martin, and Matt DeBergalis. Meteor is available for download at http://www.meteor.com. About Flatiron SchoolFlatiron School trains creative, passionate people in web and mobile development. Established in 2012 by founders Adam Enbar and Avi Flombaum, 99 percent of Flatiron School's adult graduates have launched careers companies like Google, Intel and Microsoft. All classes are facilitated by highly skilled instructors. Flatiron School is a recognized partner of NYC Department of Small Business Services, creating opportunities for all New Yorkers. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150624/225585LOGO Contact: Joseph Martoranojoseph.martorano@sparkpr.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/meteor-and-flatiron-school-announce-scholarship-program-to-teach-coding-to-high-school-aged-girls-300173582.html SOURCE  Meteor Development Group 