2015-10-19 DUBLIN, Oct. 19, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets (http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/5n22lw/3d_motion_capture) has announced the addition of the "3D Motion Capture System Market by System (Optical, and Non-Optical), Application (Entertainment, Life Science, and Others), Hardware, Software, Services, and Geography (North America, Europe, APAC, and RoW) - Global Forecast to 2020" report to their offering.  The 3D motion capture systems market was valued at USD 79.7 Million in 2014 and is expected to grow at a rate of 10.12% during the forecast period.  The 3D motion capture system market mainly consists of optical and non-optical systems. The optical system consists of active, passive, and markerless systems, while the non-optical comprises inertial motion capture systems. This report focuses on 3D motion capture systems which are used to record the motion of an object or an individual in real-time to create high-quality animation in the field of entertainment. These systems have features such as high level of accuracy, large performance capture area, multiple performance capture, and real-time data output which make it an ideal choice for a variety of applications.  The target audience for 3D motion capture systems market report includes system providers, end users of 3D motion capture systems, organizations, forums, and alliances related to the 3D motion capture systems, and software providers.  This report details the entire value chain and supply chain of the 3D motion capture systems market. It also identifies potential applications for the 3D motion capture systems market. The report also covers drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities for the said market. The report is based on an extensive research study of the 3D motion capture system market and aims to identify the market for various applications of motion capture systems. The report covers the overall market and its sub-segments through extensively detailed classifications in terms of the market size.  This report aims to provide an overview of the entire 3D motion capture system market with detailed market segmentations, combined with the qualitative analysis of various classifications done on the basis of systems, hardware, software, services, applications, and geographies. The market has been estimated and forecast till 2020 to estimate its growth prospects and potential.  Key Topics Covered:  1 Introduction  2 Research Methodology 3 Executive Summary  4 Premium Insights 5 Market Overview  6 Industry Trends 7 3D Motion Capture System Market, By Technology  8 3D Motion Capture System Market, By System 9 3D Motion Capture System Market, By Hardware  10 3D Motion Capture System Market, By Software 11 3D Motion Capture System Market, By Service  12 3D Motion Capture System Market, By Application 13 3D Motion Capture System Market, By Geography  14 Competitive Landscape 15 Company Profiles  - Codamotion  - Microsoft Corporation  - Motion Analysis Corporation  - Noraxon Usa, Inc.  - Northern Digital, Inc. (NDI)  - Optitrack  - Phasespace Inc.  - Phoenix Technologies, Inc.  - Qualisys AB  - Synertial  - Vicon Motion Systems Ltd.  - Xsens Technologies B.V.  For more information visit  http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/5n22lw/3d_motion_capture  Media Contact:  Laura Wood, +353-1-481-1716, press@researchandmarkets.net  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-3d-motion-capture-system-market-2015---forecasts-to-2020-for-the-79-million-industry-300161819.html SOURCE  Research and Markets 