2015-11-12 Slightly over three months after Windows 10 was released, Microsoft on Thursdayannounced the first major update to the software. It has addeda number of features for consumers, but the main aim is to getbusiness users to update their systems. The update, which will be automatically downloaded by those using Windows 10, is primarily aimed atthose businesses that were waiting for the kinks to be ironed out before deploying the new operating system to its users. If you were waiting for the first service pack update to a Windows release before upgrading, then this update is for you, according to Microsoft. "With this free update we have reached the point in the platforms maturity where we can confidently recommend Windows 10 deployment to whole organizations," Microsoft's head of Windows Terry Myerson said in a blog post. In the months since Microsoft released Windows 10, the company says more than 110 million people have upgraded to the new operating system, which works across devices as diverse as smartphones, tablets, laptops, desktops, servers and even Internet of Things devices. To attract enterprises to upgrade, the update brings two significant new features. The first,Windows Update for Business, allows IT departments tocontrol howupdates are deployed within their organizationswhile "ensuring their devices are kept current and their security needs are met." The second isWindows Store for Business, which is essentially a tailored version of the Windows Store with a curated list of apps as well ascustombusiness apps. Windows Update for Businessprovides IT controls over the deployment of updates within organizations, while ensuring devices are kept current and security needs are met, at reduced management cost. Features include setting up device groups with staggered deployments and scaling deployments with network optimizations. Windows Store for Businessprovides IT a flexible way to find, acquire, manage and distribute apps to Windows 10 devices --both Windows Store apps and a custom line of business apps. Organizations can choose their preferred distribution method by directly assigning apps, publishing apps to a private storeor connecting with management solutions. The November update is already available toWindows Insiders --the group of people who beta-tested the operating system ahead of final release --as Build 10586; the final consumer release is titled Version 1511, a new naming convention related to the year and month of release. Parallel with the update for desktops and laptops, Microsoft on Thursdayalso is rolling out Windows 10 for its Xbox One console, which will significantly increase the number of devices using the platform. Here aresome other improvements Microsoft says its first significant update will bring: 