2015-11-03 SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 3, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --ConnectSolutions (CoSo), the trusted professional and managed solutions provider for Adobe Connect and Adobe Gold Solution Partner, today announced a new webinar in which experts will discuss how the evolving eLearning landscape is requiring a fresh look at the way educational content is being created and delivered by both higher education and enterprise. The webinar will take place November 10 at 11 a.m. PT / 2 p.m. ET. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151103/283422LOGO  Tweet This: CoSo Webinar: The Evolving eLearning Landscape http://bit.ly/1XMNXmA via @CoSoCloud This webinar will discuss how new technologies and trends are driving a convergence in higher ed and corporate eLearning that necessitates a shared best practices framework that can be leveraged by both educators and corporate trainers to drive deeper and more effective learning. Points to be discussed by Sean Morrison, Adobe Product Lead at ConnectSolutions, and David Kokorowski, Head of eLearning Product at Pearson Education, include:  To register, please click here. Connect with ConnectSolutions: About ConnectSolutionsConnectSolutions (CoSo), a Microsoft Gold Certified Partner and Adobe Gold Solution Partner, is the trusted private-cloud solutions provider for Microsoft Skype for Business and Adobe Connect. With more than 8 billion minutes of cloud collaboration delivered, CoSo products, services, and unrivaled expertise are relied upon by mid-market businesses, global enterprises and government agencies to deliver a superior customer experience in the deployment and ongoing management of mission-critical collaboration solutions. The CoSo Suite of managed service offerings exceed the security, reliability and quality requirements of typical collaboration systems and are trusted by such commercial organizations as General Motors, KPMG, Citibank and Raytheon as well as such government organizations as the General Services Administration, FEMA, and the Transportation Security Administration.  For more information about ConnectSolutions and the CoSo Cloud offerings, visit:http://connectsolutions.com Contact: Chris Blake415-989-9000chris@msrcommunications.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/connectsolutions-webinar-how-the-evolving-elearning-landscape-is-creating-new-opportunities-for-education-and-training-300171614.html SOURCE  ConnectSolutions 