2015-11-13 The holiday season promises more games coming to both the PS4 and Xbox One. And as early as now, both Sony and Microsoft have announced their plans for games on their respective consoles. Recently, Microsoft has revealed over 100 Xbox 360 titles that will be made available on the Xbox One via backward compatibility. Alongside the announcement, the company also teased that this is just the surface of the lineup of games. There will be regularly announced titles added to the list as early as December. Now that some Xbox One players are enjoying the new feature, Xbox head Phil Spencer promised that the upcoming games are something that gamers will enjoy. Spotted by DualShockers, the Twitter conversation between Spencer and a fan discussed the additional backward compatible games. We have a very good and deep collection of games coming, said Spencer over at Twitter, as quoted by the publication. Ive looked at the list and I think gamers will enjoy whats to come. For PlayStation players, Sony has already announced the lineup of games coming to the December event, PlayStation Experience 2015. The revealed games are pretty interesting in themselves as these are a mix of upcoming and currently hot titles, all of which are listedover the PlayStation Blog. Some notable PS4 games coming to the show floor include Street Fighter V, Uncharted 4: A Thiefs End multiplayer, Call of Duty: Black Ops 3, WWE 2K16, Just Cause 3, Naruto Shippuden Ultimate Ninja Storm 4 and Far Cry Primal. Other playable games in the lineup include Alone With You, Invisible, Inc., Dark Souls 3, Driveclub: Bikes & DLC, Killing Floor 2, Ratchet & Clank, Star Wars Battlefront, The Tomorrow Children, The King of Fighters XIV and There Came an Echo. There are over 110 playable games revealed, but Sony has assured fans that there are still more that they are keeping under wraps for now. The PlayStation Experience 2015 is happening on Dec. 5 and Dec. 6 at the Moscone Center in San Francisco.  PlayStation Experience 2015 trailer(Credit: YouTube/PlayStation) 