2015-10-18 HONG KONG, Oct. 18, 2015 /PRNewswire/--Global SourcesMobile Electronics show opens today with 2,300 booths at AsiaWorld-Expo in Hong Kong and runs through Oct. 21. It follows the first phase of Global Sources Electronics which was held Oct. 11 to 14, 2015.  President of Global Sources(NASDAQ: GSOL) Electronics Group, Tommy Wong, said: "Our Mobile Electronics show is the largest of its kind and has grown by more than 100 percent since its launch in 2014. This show will feature more than 400 booths of smartphones and tablets, some 1,200 booths of mobile accessories, and a rapidly expanding Wearables Pavilion." Global Sources Electronics showcases Hong Kong as Asia's innovation hub Mobile Electronics is the second phase of Global Sources Electronics, which is the world's largest electronics sourcing show, encompassing more than 5,800 booths. Each spring and fall the show attracts more than 50,000 buyers from 150 countries, including executives from most of the world's leading brands and retailers.  Among the tens of thousands of buyers expected to attend the Mobile Electronics show are Acer, Amazon, Asus, Audiovox, Belkin, BenQ, Best Buy, Cisco, Fujitsu, Foxconn, Hitachi, Huawei, Intel, Logitech, Microsoft, Panasonic, Samsung, Sharp, Siemens, Softbank, Sony, TCL, Tesco, Toshiba, and many more.  The show is complemented year-round by the industry's leading Mobile Electronics website. The site delivers exclusive content, updated daily-- including Analyst's Choice which highlights the industry's newest and most important products.  Value-added services to enhance buyer and supplier efficiency Opening hours for the show are: More information about the Global Sources Electronics show is available at http://www.globalsources.com/exhibitions.  More information about Global Sources is available on the company's corporate site (http://www.corporate.globalsources.com), Facebook and Twitter (/globalsources).  About Global Sources  Global Sources is a leading business-to-business media company and a primary facilitator of trade with Greater China.  The core business facilitates trade between Asia and the world using English-language media such as online marketplaces (GlobalSources.com), magazines, apps, private sourcing events, and trade shows.  More than 1 million international buyers, including 95 of the world's top 100 retailers, use these services to obtain product and company information to help them source more profitably from overseas supply markets. These services also provide suppliers with integrated marketing solutions to build corporate image, generate sales leads and win orders from buyers in more than 240 countries and territories. 