2015-11-09 PALO ALTO, Calif., Nov. 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Jive Software, Inc. (Nasdaq: JIVE) today announced that Gabrielle Toledano has been appointed to its board of directors. Ms. Toledano joins the Jive board with a distinguished 25-year career in technology industry human relations, including her current role as executive vice president and chief talent officer at Electronic Arts. "Gabrielle brings a wealth of experience managing human resources and cultural innovation at some of the biggest companies in the industry, and she will be an incredible addition to the board," said Elisa Steele, chief executive officer at Jive Software. "She will help us push the boundaries of what's possible across all aspects of our business." At Electronic Arts, Ms. Toledano is responsible for the company's organization and leadership capability development, global staffing and resourcing, benefits and compensation, rewards and recognition, facilities, and corporate social responsibility. Previously, she served as chief human resources officer for Siebel Systems and has held strategic human resources positions with Microsoft and Oracle. "People are at the center of every organization, and in today's competitive talent landscape it's imperative for companies to foster meaningful relationships with their employees, customers and partners," said Gabrielle Toledano. "Jive lives and breathes this belief every day -- delivering solutions that directly impact how millions of people around the world connect, communicate and collaborate. I'm honored to join Jive's team and support its mission to help people work better together." Ms. Toledano will replace Jonathan Heiliger, who is resigning to focus full time on his role as partner at Vertex Ventures. "As we welcome Gabrielle, I want to also recognize the dedication and impact that Jonathan has made as a member of Jive's board," added Steele. "We're thankful for his contributions to Jive's business over the years." About Jive SoftwareJive (Nasdaq: JIVE) is the leading provider of modern communication and collaboration solutions for business. Recognized as a leader by the industry's top analyst firms in multiple categories, Jive enables employees, partners and customers to work better together. More information can be found at www.jivesoftware.com or the Jive News Blog. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151109/285300 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130827/MM70466LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jive-appoints-electronic-arts-executive-gabrielle-toledano-to-board-of-directors-300174992.html SOURCE  Jive Software 