2015-10-13 MORRISTOWN, N.J., Oct. 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Tufin today announces the launch of the latest release of the award-winning Tufin Orchestration Suite R15-3 which enables organizations to expand automation and security controls for fast and secured service delivery across their entire physicalnetworkand hybrid cloud platforms. Through a single console, Tufin Orchestration Suite R15-3 delivers increased visibility and monitoring of security policies and continuous compliance, as well as advanced support for Palo Alto Networks, and unified policy management for Azure, Microsoft's public cloud platform.  Some of the highlighted new capabilities in R15-3 include: Visibility into Security Policies across Firewalls and Hybrid Cloud Platforms Security and compliance with IT governance and industry standards  Palo Alto Networks Next-Generation Firewalls  In Gartner's report from October 2, 2015, "Top Strategic Predictions for 2016 and Beyond: The Future Is a Digital Thing," it states: "Security concerns remain the most common reason for avoiding the use of public cloud services The high levels of concern about cloud service provider security postures have become counterproductive. They are distracting attention from the need to establish the organizational, security and governance processes required to prevent cloud security and compliance mistakes." The research recommends to "implement and enforce policies on cloud ownership and cloud risk acceptance processes." Another point made in the report states, "the diffuse and complex nature of cloud computing will continue to ensure significant and growing opportunities for multiple forms of cloud control planes. ID as a service, cloud application security brokers, cloud management platforms, and other categories of cloud control provide convenient single consoles and management points. These make it possible to ensure common configurations and policies, and monitor and govern user activities, across an increasingly complex virtual enterprise of applications based in infrastructure as a service (IaaS), platform as a service (PaaS) and software as a service (SaaS) cloud." "With the complexity of today's networks, it is essential that enterprises maintain visibility and control across physical networks and public and private cloud platforms being implemented," said Ofer Or, VP of Products, Tufin. "Tufin focuses on our customers' key needs and ensures that the Tufin Orchestration Suite remains future-proofed for organizations moving to new technologies and platforms." Availability The latest version of the Tufin Orchestration Suite is immediately available. For more information, or to request an evaluation, visit: http://www.tufin.com/products-solutions/products/orchestration-suite/.  About TufinTufin leads the Security Policy Orchestration market, enabling enterprises to centrally manage, visualize and control security policies across hybrid cloud and physical network environments. The award-winning Tufin Orchestration Suite is a complete solution for automatically designing, provisioning, analyzing and auditing network security changes from the application layer down to the network layer. By optimizing security policies, Tufin reduces the attack surface and the likelihood of disruptions to business critical applications. Network change process automation provides organizations with rapid service delivery, continuous compliance and business agility.  Tufin serves over 1,500 enterprise customers in industries from telecom and financial services to energy, transportation and pharmaceuticals. Find out more at www.tufin.com.  Media Contact:David Heffernantufin@shiftcomm.com617-779-1839 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tufins-orchestration-suite-r15-3-delivers-unparalleled-visibility-compliance-and-policy-management-across-hybrid-it-environments-300158758.html SOURCE  Tufin 