2015-10-20 MENLO PARK, Calif., Oct. 20, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- In a move to accelerate data-driven legal strategies, Lex Machina today introduced Custom Insights Apps, a new suite of specialized applications that instantly deliver critical litigation information to help attorneys win cases and close business. Leveraging Lex Machina's award-winning Legal Analytics platform and underlying data modules, Custom Insights Apps quickly provide customized, data-driven answers for common legal questions, making it even easier to use Legal Analytics. The first three Custom Insights Apps, which focus on intellectual property cases, are Early Case Assessor, Motion Kickstarter, and Patent Portfolio Evaluator. Future applications will expand into other practice areas and support other legal functions. "Data and analytics are the future of law," said Josh Becker, CEO, Lex Machina. "We are deeply committed to improving how lawyers leverage information. Lex Machina's award-winning Legal Analytics platform has become widely adopted within America's top law firms and corporate law departments. With our new Custom Insights Apps, we enable attorneys to get answers to strategic questions in seconds  answers which, until recently, may have taken weeks of research to find, if even possible at all." With Early Case Assessor, lawyers can quickly assess the threat posed by a new case. By entering the name of the plaintiff and the plaintiff's law firm, users immediately get an overview of the plaintiff's litigation history including recently filed cases against other, similar defendants; where the plaintiff typically files suit; how much experience its law firm has; and the kinds of clients they typically represent. They also get access to invaluable resources, such as which attorneys have faced the plaintiff most often. Motion Kickstarter makes it easy to draft winning motions by helping attorneys compare the arguments and motion styles that have been successful before a specific judge. The attorney can enter a judge's name and motion type and instantly view the judge's recent orders on that motion type, as well as the briefing that led up to those orders. Lawyers can then compare granted motions with denied motions to see what has worked and what has not in order to create a winning motion strategy or approach. Patent Portfolio Evaluator gives attorneys the complete litigation history for an entire patent portfolio in one report. Attorneys can see the district court, PTAB, and ITC cases in which each patent has been litigated, and examine any damages awarded or findings of infringement, invalidity, or unenforceability. This helps attorneys quickly determine whether each patent has been battle-tested by extensive litigation, and understand the results of that litigation to make better-informed patent defense decisions. Lex Machina will unveil the new Custom Insights Apps during a live webcast on October 22. To participate, please visit http://pages.lexmachina.com/AppsLaunch.html. About Lex Machina Lex Machina's award-winning Legal Analytics platform is a new category of legal technology that fundamentally changes how companies and law firms compete in the business and practice of law. Delivered as Software-as a-Service, Legal Analytics creates structured data sets covering judges, lawyers, parties, and IP out of millions of pages of legal information. This allows law firms and companies for the first time ever to predict the behaviors and outcomes that different legal strategies will produce, enabling them to win cases and close business. Lex Machina is used by established companies such as Microsoft, Google, and eBay, and prominent law firms like Wilson Sonsini, Fish & Richardson and Fenwick & West. The company was created by experts at Stanford University's Law School and Computer Science department. Lex Machina was named one of the "Best New Legal Services" by readers of The Recorder in 2014 and 2015, and received the "Best New Product of the Year" award in 2015 from the American Association of Law Libraries. Contact:Valerie Chan1-206-856-7885valerie@plat4orm.com Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151019/278374LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lex-machina-unveils-suite-of-custom-insights-apps-300162637.html SOURCE  Lex Machina 