2015-10-29 SOUTHFIELD, Mich., Oct. 29, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Gravity Software (Gravity) today announced special pricing with Gravity 2015 solution for qualifying nonprofits organizations. Gravity's robust accounting software is built in the cloud on the Microsoft Dynamics CRM platform. Nonprofits can benefit by having their Financials and CRM fully integrated on one platform. "Nonprofits are challenged daily to do more with less. They need a technology solution to help reduce time spent on administration without all the startup costs associated with traditional accounting applications," said John Silvani, President & CEO of Gravity Software. "Gravity's Nonprofit offering in conjunction with Microsoft Dynamics CRM Online & Office 365 allows Nonprofits to be more effective and efficient in the work they do." Gravity provides businesses the necessary tools and processes to help them grow. In one screen, for example, you can easily navigate through Gravity's back office financial business solution to your front office Sales, Service, and Marketing.  Gravity's features are designed for companies that have outgrown their existing accounting solution. If you're a Nonprofit organization on an entry level accounting solution like QuickBooks, take a look at Gravity Software and be prepared to be impressed. Nonprofits benefits include: Gravity's special pricing for qualified nonprofits is available in the U.S. at $15.00 per user, per month. Those interested in more information and starting a free trial can visit the website for more information. Gravity's guiding principle is to simplify the lives of our users while providing small to medium size businesses the platform it needs to grow. About Gravity Software Gravity Software, LLC (Gravity) is an online cloud business management software company that provides financial business solutions exclusively written for smart businesses. Gravity's robust solution is built on the Microsoft Dynamics CRM platform to give businesses the distinct advantage of having Financials and CRM fully integrated on one platform. More than just accounting, Gravity provides businesses with the necessary tools and processes to help drive sales, improve customer service and increase productivity. Gravity Software - Simply Innovative Business Management. www.go-gravity.com. Follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn & Google+, Subscribe to our YouTube Channel, and Like us on Facebook. Gravity Software and the Gravity logo are trademarks of Gravity Software LLC. All other company and product names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners. For Additional Information, Contact:  Valerie Silvani, Director of Marketing844-464-7284 Email   Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151028/281638Logo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151028/281639LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/gravity-software-in-conjunction-with-microsoft-dynamics-crm-online-offers-special-pricing-for-nonprofits-300168552.html SOURCE  Gravity Software 