2015-11-10 NEW YORK, Nov. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- About LCoS projectorsLCoS projectors are a hybrid of DLP and LCD technology with features from both technologies, i.e., they use three panels as used in 3LCD projectors and use reflective principle of light as in DLP projectors. Initially invented by JVC in the late 1990s the technology was lately brought into the market commercially in 2006 by Canon and Sony. Canon calls its LCoS projectors with the brand name REALis projectors and Sony calls it SXRD, while JVC calls its D-ILA.  Technavio's analysts forecast the global LCoS projectors market to grow at a CAGR of 25.49% over the period 2014-2019. Covered in this reportThe report covers the current scenario and the growth prospects of the global LCoS projectors market for 2015-2019. The market is driven by high growth rate of pico LCoS projectors as compared to installation LCoS projectors.  Based on end-users, the LCoS projectors market has been divided into the following segments:- Business and enterprise- Commercial use- Education- Home theater- Healthcare- Others The market is divided into the following segments based on the type of projectors:- Pico LCoS projectors - Installation LCoS projectors Technavio's report, Global LCoS Projectors Market 2015-2019, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the landscape of the global LCoS projectors market and its growth prospects in the coming years. The report includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key regions- Americas- APAC- EMEA  Key vendors- Canon- JVC- Sony Other prominent vendors- AAXA Technologies- ACER - AIPTEK International - BenQ - HITACHI Digital Media Group - LG Electronics - Light Blue Optics Microsoft- Samsung Electronics - Toshiba - WowWee Group  Key market driver- Increased adoption of LCoS technology- For a full, detailed list, view our report Key market challenge- Availability of cheaper DLP, LCD technology including IWBs and IFPDs- For a full, detailed list, view our report Key market trend- Ultra-short throw emerging as a new category - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report- What will the market size be in 2019 and what will the growth rate be?- What are the key market trends?- What is driving this market?- What are the challenges to market growth?- Who are the key vendors in this market space?- What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors?- What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p01600437-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com 