2015-10-16 TAMPA, Fla., Oct. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --The Microsoft Dynamics GP User Group (GPUG) is pleased to announce the recipients of the 2015 GPUG All Star award, the 2015 Chapter of the Year award, and the 2015 Chapter Leader of the Year award. These winners were recognized during a ceremony at GPUG Summit 2015 in Reno, NV. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151015/277569 The 2015 GPUG All Star Award recipients are Steve Erbach of WOW Logistics, Viola Shoell of Franklin County Public Utility District No. 1 and David Musgrave of Winthrop Development Consultants. "GPUG is so fortunate to have Members in our community like Steve, Viola and David. We all benefit from the Dynamics GP knowledge they have because they share it generously with the entire community," said Kim Peterson, GPUG Director. "If you've been on GPUG Collaborate, you've likely seen them out there answering Members' questions and sharing helpful tips with the community. Congratulations and thank you, Steve, Viola and David!" The 2015 Chapter Leader of the Year award recipient is Denise Brown who leads GPUG's Indiana (Indianapolis) Chapter. Chapter Leader of the Year candidates were nominated by the users and partners who attend their meetings. "Denise has an ebullient personality. She is good at getting user participation and providing chapter direction," said one of her nominators. "Without her initiative, Indiana users would be on their own." The 2015 Chapter of the Year award goes to the GPUG Idaho (Boise) Chapter. Leaders Amy Brown, Cyndi Nicholas, and Nancy Edwards can be proud of their chapter's accomplishments; they have grown registrations by 33% since 2014, and scored an average of 4.61 out of 5 on their 2015 meeting surveys. "The Idaho team is consistently looking for ways to deliver quality education and training to their members," said Rose Spitzer, GPUG Chapter Manager. "Their dedication to finding creating networking and discussion activities that get attendees involved and interacting at each meeting is inspiring." ABOUT GPUG ALL STARSThe GPUG All Star Award program recognizes GPUG Members who have in-depth knowledge of the Microsoft Dynamics GP application and make significant contributions of their time and expertise to educate and connect the greater GPUG community. GPUG All Star Award recipients are nominated and voted on by GPUG Members.  Past GPUG All Star Award recipients include Bob McAdam, Howard Swerdloff, John Lowther, Mark Polino, Richard Whaley, Belinda Allen, Shawn Dorward, Aaron Back and Zubin Gidwani. ABOUT GPUG CHAPTER PROGRAMThe success of the Chapter program and specific chapters depend on the generosity of GPUG volunteers. All locations are led by local members with the support of the Chapter team to identify presentation topics, and secure speakers and meeting locations.View upcoming meetings and join your local Chapter's virtual community by visiting www.gpug.com/chapter.  ABOUT GPUGThe Dynamics GP User Group (GPUG) is a User-driven, independent organization powered by Dynamic Communities, Inc. GPUG Members learn, network, and share expertise through a number of educational events, webinars, training courses, virtual collaborative meetings, regional networking opportunities and a vibrant online community. Learn more at http://www.gpug.com.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/microsoft-dynamics-gp-user-group-announces-2015-award-recipients-300161021.html SOURCE  Dynamic Communities, Inc. 