2015-11-13 LAS VEGAS, Nov. 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Medflow, Inc., the leading electronic health record (EHR) and practice management solutions provider for ophthalmologists, announced today the availability of Medflow 2.0 EHR, its most advanced cloud-based EHR system. Medflow 2.0 EHR streamlines the entire workflow, providing logic and guidelines to increase speed of data entry, while also satisfying regulatory requirements. Medflow 2.0 EHR automated care plans are enhanced with features to make ophthalmology assessments run smoothly and efficiently. In addition, the simplified process links care plans and findings automatically with the correct ICD-10 codes. Medflow 2.0 EHR intuitive care plans also instantly autofill important data such as medication orders and returns visits, as well as deliver letters to referring physicians and patients through the patient portal. Tools including dashboards, longitudinal chart reviews, vision and pressure graphs and past summaries enable physicians to review and understand any patient condition in seconds.  "Medflow 2.0 EHR delivers usability, simplicity and configurability," said Jim Messier, Vice President of Development at Medflow, Inc. "Our advanced EHR system is designed to enhance the patient-physician relationship, decrease stress and improve office harmony. With Medflow 2.0 EHR, our physicians and staff can focus on what is most importantpatient care." Medflow 2.0 EHR will be shown and demonstrated on the most popular tablet technologies, Samsung Pro DROID tablet, Microsoft Surface Pro 3 and the new iPad Pro. The product is made to function on most mobile devices with the more popular browser technology. Medflow 2.0 EHR product design had mobility in mind, it utilizes a persistent left-handed vertical menu and made easy scrolling widgets in the common workspace. It is a perfect mobile solution for any physician who wants to have their charts with them anywhere anytime. Visit Medflow, Inc. during the AAO 2015 annual meeting at booth # 4002 or go to www.medflow.com. About Medflow, Inc. As today's healthcare landscape continually evolves and transforms, you need a partner who is in tune to your concerns. Medflow Inc. works in the best interest of eye care practices and ensures operational efficiency, regulatory compliance and revenue growth. We are proud to be an Eli Global portfolio company, which allows us to provide a full spectrum eye care EHR backed by the knowledge to listen, understand, and respond and to partner with other great companies to provide your practice with full spectrum solutions. For more information, please visit www.medflow.com or join us on Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/medflow-inc-launches-medflow-20-ehr-system-300178627.html SOURCE  Medflow, Inc. 