2015-11-09 NEW YORK, Nov. 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --TE Connectivity Ltd. (NYSE: TEL) and Razorfish, part of the Publicis.Sapient platform, today announced the continuation of their partnership. As TE's digital agency of record, Razorfish will help the global technology leader create more value through digital experiences that drive growth, sales and competitive advantage, and will leverage modern technology platforms to drive speed, improve customer experience and marketplace differentiation. TE is a global leader in connectivity and sensor solutions. Known for its innovation, quality products and engineering excellence, TE creates solutions that help companies innovate and address the needs of a smarter, greener and more connected world. With more than 7,200 engineers, TE serves customers in more than 150 countries across all major industries.  The expanded assignment comes on the heels of a formal agency review and builds on the May launch of the new www.TE.com, an online experience focused on the needs of TE's customers. The platform is global, with regionalized and multi-language experiences deployed in English, German, Japanese and simplified Chinese. Razorfish led the creative and user-experience design, while implementing the leading capabilities of Adobe and Hybris into the site's infrastructure. Since its launch, the new www.TE.com has garnered a 4 percent increase in visits and a 7 percent increase in organic search engine referrals.  "We believe that every interaction counts in today's hyper-competitive world, and delivering the best possible experience for our customers is a key priority for TE," said Amy Shah, senior vice president and chief marketing officer at TE Connectivity. "Razorfish offers an industry-leading combination of skills and expertise in digital, data, technology innovation and user experience and was the clear choice for helping us shift from building the platform to leveraging TE.com to maximize business and customer value." "TE is changing the way it collaborates with engineers, designers and inventors to solve problems, create new value and drive product innovation. We value this partnership, as it directly supports Razorfish's mission of using technology and customer-led experiences to drive deeper engagement and utility with our clients' customers," noted Razorfish Senior Vice President Ryan Alderman. About Razorfish  Motivated and inspired by what's next, Razorfish helps its clients navigate the unknown, drive change and transform business. One of the pioneers of marketing in the digital age, Razorfish has a unique blend of technology, creativity and media at its core. The agency's world-class capabilities in strategic consulting, experience design, brand building, technology platforms, data services, retail/commerce and media services enable transformational work for clients, including Citigroup, McDonald's, Mercedes-Benz USA, Microsoft, Nike China, Unilever and Uniqlo. Razorfish's team of 3,000+ experts span 25 regions, including Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Italy, Singapore, the United Kingdom and the United States. Razorfish is part of Publicis.Sapient. For more information, visit Razorfish.com, like us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter, Weibo and Instagram. Razorfish. Here for tomorrow. About TE Connectivity  TE Connectivity (NYSE: TEL) is a $12 billion global technology leader. Our connectivity and sensor solutions are essential in today's increasingly connected world. We collaborate with engineers to transform their concepts into creations  redefining what's possible using intelligent, efficient and high-performing TE products and solutions proven in harsh environments.Our 72,000 people, including 7,200 engineers, partner with customers in approximately 150countries across a wide range of industries. We believe EVERY CONNECTION COUNTS  www.TE.com.  Media ContactBrittany Slattery Director of PR brittany.slattery@razorfishglobal.com+1 (216) 316-8305  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/te-connectivity-and-razorfish-expand-partnership-to-drive-digital-transformation-300174822.html SOURCE  Razorfish 