2015-10-13 DUBLIN, Oct. 7, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets (http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/wrndpz/big_data_as_a) has announced the addition of the "Big Data as a Service Market by Type of Solutions (Hadoop as a Service, Data as a Service, Data Analytics as a Service) - Global Forecast to 2020" report to their offering.  In such a market scenario, customer-oriented business organizations face numerous technical complexities while collecting, storing, analyzing, visualizing, and reporting the data through interactive dashboards. This requires ensuring high data quality and forming a channelized data flow. The organizations, thus, require state-of-the-art big data solutions to collect, store, analyze, visualize and make future-proof forecasts from the information obtained from enormous data volumes. These kind of concentrated informational insights further help businesses in framing improved strategies and drawing higher Return on Investments (ROIs).  The research report is an extensive study of BDaaS software-based solution on the BDaaS market and the related submarkets within the ecosystem. It is focused to give a bird's eye view of the complete BDaaS software-based solution and integrated service environment.  The data is growing at an extremely high pace in terms of volume, velocity, and variety in a gamut of industries. The business organizations operating in large number of industries generate massive chunks of data through data sources, such as Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system, Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system, and Supply Chain Management (SCM) system.  Big Data-as-a-Service (BDaaS) is basically a cloud-based framework that offers end-to-end big data solutions to business organizations, on-demand. BDaaS is defined as a consolidated structure of Hadoop-as-a-Service (HDaaS), Data-as-a-Service (DaaS), and Data Analytics-as-a-Service. These are also the three type of solutions that are offered in the market by a number of new as well as existing big data vendors.  The primary vendors occupying the BDaaS market are Amazon Web Services, EMC Corporation, Google, Hewlett-Packard Company, IBM Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, Oracle Corporation, SAP SE, SAS Institute, Inc., and Teradata Corporation.  The Big Data as a Service Market research report analyzes the global adoption trends, future growth potentials, key drivers, competitive outlook, restraints, opportunities, key challenges, and the ecosystem in this market. This report also presents a detailed analysis, market sizing, and forecasting for emerging submarkets of the BDaaS market. The report is thoroughly segmented by type of BDaaS solutions, deployment models, organization size, and verticals. The report also focuses on various geographical markets for each of the sub segments within the BDaaS environment.  Key Topics Covered:  1 Introduction  2 Research Methodology  3 Executive Summary  4 Premium Insights  5 Market Overview  6 Industry Trends  7 Big Data-As-A-Service Market Analysis, by Type of Solutions  8 Big Data-As-A-Service Market Analysis, by Deployment Model  9 Big Data-As-A-Service Market Analysis, by Organization Size  10 Big Data-As-A-Service Market Analysis, by Vertical  11 Geographic Analysis  12 Competitive Landscape  13 Company Profiles  - Amazon Web Services, Inc. (Aws)  - Emc Corporation  - Google Incorporation (Google)  - Hewlett-Packard (HP)  - IBM Corporation  - Microsoft Corporation  - Oracle Corporation  - Sap Se  - Sas Institute Inc.  - Teradata Corporation (Teradata)  For more information visit  http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/wrndpz/big_data_as_a  Media Contact:  Laura Wood, +353-1-481-1716, press@researchandmarkets.net  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/big-data-as-a-service-market-2015---global-forecast-to-2020-300158562.html SOURCE  Research and Markets 