2015-11-09 PALO ALTO, Calif., Nov. 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Jive Software, Inc. (Nasdaq: JIVE), the leading provider of modern communication and collaboration solutions for business, today announced financial results for its third quarter ended September 30, 2015. "Jive delivered a solid third quarter performance as we met the high end of revenue guidance and outperformed non-GAAP net loss per share expectations," said Elisa Steele, CEO and president of Jive Software. "Our results provide encouraging signs that our transformation initiatives are on track, as we continue to simplify our industry-leading solutions and implement a more repeatable go-to-market strategy. A prime example of our progress is the latest internal collaboration solution that combines our powerful Jive-n product with our new Jive-w workstyle applications to create the world's first 'Interactive Intranet.' We continue to work to position Jive for improved growth and profitability over time." Third Quarter 2015 Financial Highlights  Non-GAAP net loss for the third quarter was $2.3 million, compared to a net loss of $2.7 million for the same period last year. Non-GAAP net loss per share for the third quarter was $0.03 based on 75.6 million weighted-average shares outstanding, compared to a net loss per share of $0.04 based on 71.0 million weighted-average shares outstanding for the same period last year. Jive used $4.9 million in cash from operations and invested $1.4 million in capital expenditures, leading to negative free cash flow of $6.3 million for the third quarter. Free cash flow was negative $9.0 million for the third quarter of 2014. Jive defines free cash flow as cash flows provided by operating activities minus cash flows used to purchase capital expenditures. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures has been provided in the financial statement tables included in this press release. An explanation of these measures is also included below under the heading "Non-GAAP Financial Measures." Third Quarter and Recent Business Highlights Financial Outlook As of November 9, 2015, Jive's guidance for its fourth quarter 2015 and updated guidance for the full year 2015 is as follows:  