2015-10-27 BASKING RIDGE, N.J., Oct. 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Verizon Enterprise Solutions is adding HP and Verizon Cloud to its Secure Cloud Interconnect service, essentially doubling the size of its footprint in the Asia-Pacific region and increasing the number of cloud providers, giving clients a seamless way to connect, manage and secure their multi-cloud environments.  In-region, Verizon now offers connections at 12 locations from five cloud providers. The company previously offered access to Amazon (Singapore, Sydney, Tokyo) and Google (Hong Kong, Singapore) and Microsoft (Hong Kong) at six locations.  Enterprises such as e-commerce retailer Giosis,  who markets under the name of Qoo10 primarily in the Asia Pacific Region  have been hesitant to move mission-critical workloads to the cloud due to security, performance and control concerns.  Giosis uses Secure Cloud Interconnect to connect to Amazon Web Services (AWS) sites in Tokyo, Singapore, Sydney and Los Angeles to display its products on its website. Via Secure Cloud Interconnect, Giosis connects the AWS sites to its headquarters in Seoul for back-end processing such as billing, user authentication and data backup.  "With Verizon's Secure Cloud Interconnect service we can now take full advantage of the cloud given the richness and reliability of the solution," said Mok Jooyoung, IT director of technology division, Giosis. "Knowing Verizon's Private IP network has an expansive Asia-Pacific footprint and its performance stellar made Verizon the ideal provider to meet our stringent requirements to provide our online shoppers with a first-class customer experience." Verizon Secure Cloud Interconnect Enhances Agility for the Enterprise Leveraging the underlying Software Defined Networking (SDN) architecture, enterprises can take advantage of the capabilities associated with this design, including consumption-based bandwidth, pre-provisioned on-demand resources, controlled application performance, multiple classes of service and usage-based billing models.  Rapid, on-demand provisioning via a centralized online portal reduces deployment time and maintenance requirements for Secure Cloud Interconnect customers. In addition, Secure Cloud Interconnect delivers a truly integrated experience  no matter what device customers use or where they use it  to access information, content and applications. "Verizon's Secure Cloud Interconnect allows users to connect to applications simply, securely and reliably," said Shawn Hakl, vice president of enterprise networking and innovation for Verizon. "SCI customers will find our solution delivers an unbeatable combination of performance, security and efficiency to help enable their digital transformation while reducing the complexity often associated with cloud computing."  Verizon's Expanded Secure Cloud Interconnect Global Footprint in Asia-Pacific Verizon's cloud provider footprint in-region includes the following new locations:  In total, Secure Cloud Interconnect service now offers secure, private connections to six cloud providers (Amazon Web Services, Google, HP, Microsoft Azure Express Route for Microsoft Office 365/Skype for Business/Government Cloud, Salesforce; Verizon ) and three data center providers (Equinix, CoreSite, and Verizon) at more than 30 global locations in the Americas, Latin America, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region. Verizon Private IP Provides Secure, High-Performance Environment for Cloud Computing Secure Cloud Interconnect is built on Verizon's world-class Private IP network that offers any-to-any connectivity of IP, while providing the security and reliability associated with private wide area networking solutions. Using Verizon's Private IP wireless access feature, Secure Cloud Interconnect is further extended to U.S. users of its world-class 4G LTE service. Available in more than 170 markets around the globe, Private IP delivers scalability, varying classes of service, expansive reach and exceptional service including stringent service level agreements for latency and packet-loss. Verizon Enterprise Solutions helps clients improve customer experience, drive growth and business performance and manage risk. With industry-specific solutions provided over the company's secure mobility, cloud, strategic networking, Internet of Things and advanced communications platforms, Verizon Enterprise Solutions helps open new opportunities around the world for innovation, investment and business transformation. Visit www.verizonenterprise.com to learn more. About Verizon Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE, Nasdaq: VZ) employs a diverse workforce of 177,900 and generated more than $127 billion in 2014 revenues. Verizon Wireless operates America's most reliable wireless network, with 110.8 million retail connections nationwide. Headquartered in New York, Verizon also provides communications and entertainment services over America's most advanced fiber-optic network, and delivers integrated business solutions to customers worldwide. For more information, visit www.verizon.com/news/. Verizon Enterprise Online News Room: News releases, blog posts, media contacts and other information are available at Verizon Enterprise Solutions News & Insights (news.verizonenterprise.com). News from Verizon Enterprise Solutions is also available through an RSS feed at http://www.verizonenterprise.com/rss-options/.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/verizon-doubles-the-size-of-secure-cloud-interconnect-footprint-in-asia-pacific-300167415.html SOURCE  Verizon 