2015-10-23 Microsoft Corp.s Windows 10 Mobile-powered Lumia 950 XL smartphone packs top-of-the-shelf configurations and several futuristic features into ahandset with a sizable price tag of $649. And when it comes to its battery, there are many aspects that make the Lumia 950 XL a desirable device, including its wireless-charging feature and the USB Type-C port used for fast charging. The technology giant has indicated that the quick-charging feature enables the Lumia 950 XL to be charged from 0 to 50 percent within 30 minutes. In support of this claim, a YouTube video has surfaced showing the battery prowess of the smartphone. A developer of the Battery Super Saver application apparently got a demo unit of the Lumia 950 XL, which he tested against the apps metrics. A key point he noted is that the handsets 5.7-inch display was kept at the medium-brightness level throughout the test, as he reported via WMPoweruser. According to the developer, the Lumia 950 XL reportedly hit 50 percent in 36 minutes of charging and 100 percent in 1 hour and 39 minutes. This is an excellent result precisely because the device has a huge screen, which drains considerable energy from the 3,340 milliampere-hour battery. By way of comparison, Phone Arena indicated the custom battery-test results of the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge+ and Galaxy Note 5 are similar to those seen with the Lumia smartphone. Each of the Samsung devices has a 3,000 mAh battery and reportedly requires 1 hour and 20 minutes of charging to hit 100 percent. At this point, there has been no official confirmation of the technology employed for rapid charging in the Lumia 950 XL. Because the handset is powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 chipset, however, it may be safe to assume that Microsoft opted for the chipmakers own Quick Charge 2.0 technology, Phone Arena suggested. Plus, it is worth noting that the Galaxy S6 Edge+ and Galaxy Note 5 both use Quick Charge 2.0. In addition to its battery, the Lumia 950 XLs other standout features include Continuum, which helps in switching seamlessly between tablets, smartphones and personal computers; a microSD card slot enabling significant expansion; and a humongous 20-megapixel camera with Zeiss optics and a triple light-emitting-diode natural flash. With respect to the Lumia 950 XLs release date, the phone should be made available for preordering via the Microsoft Store in fairly short order. At this moment, the site still says of it, Coming Soon. Check out the YouTube/Battery Super Saver video showing the battery test below. However, viewers should be advised the veracity of the video cannot be verified. 
 