2015-11-05 BURLINGTON, Ontario, Nov. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --eBridge Connections, a leading provider of eCommerce integration solutions, today announced the release of its connector for WooCommerce. Leveraging the eBridge Connections universal integration platform, online merchants using WooCommerce will now be able to connect their eCommerce store with their ERP or accounting system, and streamline item, order and customer data processing. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151105/284432  eBridge Connections is dedicated to delivering ERP and accounting integration solutions to online merchants of all sizes and verticals, regardless of the platform being used to power their stores. "Extending our integration capabilities to include WooCommerce is further proof of our commitment to service the greater eCommerce community," said Colin Brown, CEO at eBridge Connections. WooCommerce is one of the leading open source eCommerce platforms, powering a significant share of online stores worldwide. According to Datanyze, a company that tracks technology adoption across 40+ million websites globally, WooCommerce has a 22.1% market share in the Alexa top 1M, ranking 2nd amongst eCommerce platforms. The pre-built connectors will provide WooCommerce merchants with bi-directional, automated integration of sales orders, inventory, product data, and shipment updates with their back-office system. The eBridge Connections integration platform powers eCommerce integration with over 30 ERP and accounting systems including products from Microsoft, SAP, Sage, NetSuite, and Epicor.  To further understand the capabilities of the eBridge Connections integration platform WooCommerce merchants can visit the Blueprint Builder, a unique web tool that can be used to generate a complete view of an eCommerce - ERP integration. Leveraging components from the same resource library used by the eBridge Connections platform, the Blueprint Builder gives users a window into a proposed integration solution, from the system level all the way down to individual data field connectivity. About eBridgeConnectionseBridge Connections delivers powerful, cloud-based ERP and accounting integration solutions that automate vital business processes and eliminate the need for manual data entry. The eBridge universal integration platform supports over 30 ERP and accounting systems including products from Microsoft, Sage, SAP, NetSuite, and Epicor. With connections to the leading eCommerce and CRM applications, plus hundreds of EDI trading partners, eBridge Connections has become the integration platform of choice for businesses worldwide. For more information, please visit www.ebridgeconnections.com and @eBridgeConnects.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ebridge-connections-extends-integration-capabilities-releases-connector-for-woocommerce-300173744.html SOURCE  eBridge 