2015-10-26 IRVINE, Calif., Oct. 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --EPiServer, a leading provider of digital marketing and digital commerce solutions, today announced it has been named a contender in Forrester Research, Inc.'s "The Forrester Wave: Digital Experience Platforms, Q4 '15," dated October 22, 2015. This marks EPiServer's debut in this Forrester evaluation, which assesses the offerings, strategy and market presence of participating companies. EPiServer was among a limited group of companies that Forrester calls "the best and the biggest vendors in the market" invited to participate, and included "EPiServer because of its efficacy and platform breadth."  In its research coverage on EPiServer, the report states, "The firm's strategy is centered on the cloud, increasingly running as a PaaS [Platform-as-a-Service] on Microsoft Azure. The cloud version benefits from continuous delivery. The company has a strong partner strategy to sell and serve customers in 30 countries, as well as more than 25,000 developers registered in its network."  "We are delighted to be included in Forrester's evaluation of digital experience platforms, which covers the providers that matter most, and for its recognition of EPiServer's strength in delivering solutions for digital marketing, commerce and content in the cloud," said James Norwood, Chief Marketing Officer and Executive Vice President of Strategy for EPiServer. "EPiServer has long believed that by offering digital marketing, web content management, and digital commerce all on the same platform, organizations would benefit from business agility and users from increased productivity and satisfaction." The EPiServer Digital Experience Cloud appeals to organizations looking to envisage, create manage, and optimize seamless customer experiences fast. About EPiServer EPiServer connects digital commerce and digital marketing to help organizations create unique digital experiences for their customers, with measurable business results. The EPiServer Digital Experience Cloud combines content, commerce, multi-channel marketing, and predictive analytics in a single platform to work full-circle for businesses online  from intelligent real-time personalization and lead-generation through to conversion and repeat business  with unprecedented ease-of-use. Sitting at the center of the digital experience ecosystem, EPiServer empowers digital leaders to embrace disruptive, transformational strategies to deliver standout experiences for their customers  everywhere they engage. Founded in 1994, EPiServer has offices in Australia, Denmark, Finland, The Netherlands, Norway, Singapore, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, UAE, UK and the USA. For more information visit www.episerver.com  All third-party trademarks cited are the property of their respective owners, and are used only for reference purposes. Contact:   Erin Stone (for EPiServer)Lutz PR and Marketing Communications+1 949 338 2136estone@lutzpr.com  Rachel TeittSenior Manager, Analyst and Public Relations, EPiServer+1 614 817 1847rachel.teitt@episerver.com Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150621/224559LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/episerver-debuts-in-evaluation-of-digital-experience-platforms-by-global-independent-research-firm-300166049.html SOURCE  EPiServer 