2015-10-13 FORT COLLINS, Colo., Oct. 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- DH2i Company, recently named a Cool Vendor by Gartner in the "Cool Vendors in Servers and Virtualization, 20151" report, today announced its DxEnterprise container management software for Windows Server applications and workloads has been named a finalist for the 2015 Storage, Virtualization, Cloud (SVC) Awards in the Software Defined Infrastructure category. DxEnterprise was shortlisted for its first-of-its-kind container technology, which enables workload and data portability (what DH2i calls InstanceMobility) and high availability (HA) for Windows Server applications, services and file shares. DH2i's pioneering container technology creates a framework for orchestrating datacenter management, high availability/disaster tolerance (DR) and policy-based SLA management. DxEnterprise is the only Windows container technology that leverages native Windows file system (NTFS) and shared or replicated storage technology to coordinate access to a pool of disk resources in the cluster for consistent disk presentation no matter which host the container is active on. DxEnterprise can support any current version or edition of SQL Server and OS across any physical, virtual or hybrid infrastructure. "The SVC Awards' finalists represent today's most innovative technologies and technology deployments, demonstrating highly impressive real-world IT and business results, as well as fast time-to-value and ROI," said Jason Holloway, Director of IT Publishing at Angel Business Communications, organizers of the SVC Awards."We congratulate DH2i along with the additional finalists for this important accomplishment, and wish them all the best of luck during the final voting process." "We are indeed honored to have been shortlisted as a finalist for the highly coveted SVC Awards," said Don Boxley, Co-Founder and CEO, DH2i. "We view it as a reflection on the industry's recognition that while 'containers' are 'sexy,' it's what you can do with them that matters. And, what matters is the ability to simplify, fortify and drive increased datacenter performance  all while lowering associated costs."  Boxley continued, "That's why DH2i's DxEnterprise container management software for Microsoft Windows Server environments is gaining customers, and industry acclaim, at such an exponential rate. DxEnterprise is the first-and-only enterprise-class container management solution for Microsoft Windows environments. It completely frees IT professionals from overwhelming management complexity and suffocating licensing costs, while enabling the business to ensure uninterrupted access to business critical data and services." The Storage, Virtualization, Cloud (SVC) Awards reward the products, projects and services as well as honor companies and teams operating in the cloud, virtualization and storage sectors. The SVC Awards also recognize the achievements of end-users, channel partners and vendors alike. Voting opened on October 5 and closes on November 13: http://www.svcawards.com/voting.php. Winners will be announced at the SVC Awards Gala Ceremony on December 3 at the Royal Garden Hotel (London, UK). Tweet this: .@DH2i Named SVC Awards Finalist  please cast your vote for DH2i today: http://www.svcawards.com/voting.php#Microsoft #Windows #Container #Software About DH2iDH2i Company is the leading provider of Microsoft Windows Server application portability and management solutions. Its newly launched flagship solution, DxEnterprise, containerizes and decouples Microsoft Windows Server applications and data from the host OS and underlying IT infrastructure. This decoupling provides users with the ability to move their traditional enterprise applications such as SQL Server or new multi-container-based applications with data from any host, to any host, anywhere with near-zero downtime maintaining a consistent application connection endpoint. In doing so, customers are able to better consolidate their environment, build and manage hybrid physical, virtual and/or cloud environments, dramatically simplify management and ensure service level agreements (SLAs). The bottom line for customers equals a 30%-60% reduction in software and related infrastructure costs, ensured application availability and a 70%+ increase in application management productivity. DH2i is included in the list of Cool Vendors in the "Cool Vendors in Servers and Virtualization, 20151" report by Gartner, Inc. To learn more, please visit the DH2i website:www.dh2i.com, call: 970-295-4505 or +44 20 3318 9204, or email:info@dh2i.com.  Additional Resources:  Join the conversation:Twitter,LinkedIn, orFacebook. Read and Discuss: DH2iBlog. Watch and Learn: DH2iYouTubeChannel. [1]"Cool Vendors in Servers and Virtualization, 2015 by Philip Dawson, Thomas J. Bittman, George J. Weiss and Andrew Butler, April 16, 2015 Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.  DH2i Company 2015. DH2i, DxEnterprise, DxConsole, DxHADR, DxTransfer, DxCollect and InstanceMobility are trademarks of DH2i Company. All other brand or product names contained in this press release may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. PR Contact:Nicole GormanCorporate CommunicationsDH2i CompanyM: 508-397-0131nicole.gorman@dh2i.com  Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120924/LA79538LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dh2i-named-2015-svc-awards-products-of-the-year-finalist-300157899.html SOURCE  DH2i 