2015-11-02 Report Evaluates OpenText's Enterprise Content Management Solution in Delivering Relevant Content to Business Applications WATERLOO, Ontario, Nov. 2, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --OpenText (NASDAQ: OTEX, TSX: OTC), a global leader in Enterprise Information Management (EIM), today announced that it has been positioned as a leader in Gartner's Magic Quadrant for Enterprise Content Management report, Published on October 21, 2015 by one of the leading worldwide research and advisory firms, Gartner, Inc. The report evaluates 20 Enterprise Content Management (ECM) vendors.  According to the Gartner report, "The ECM market is going through a shift, from large enterprise suites to more business solutions focused on delivering business value in specific use cases."  Gartner notes that "The three main ECM use cases... being regularly put forward by clients are: Transactional content management; Records management and compliance; and Digital workplace scenarios, where consumerization and non-routine kinds of work have disrupted traditional content management strategy, requiring a more open and agile approach to content management." "The management and control of content is at the very heart of the digital transformation journey currently underway at organizations of all sizes around the world," said Adam Howatson, chief marketing officer at OpenText. "Putting content management at the center of their strategy allows organizations to simplify their processes, transform their interactions, both internally and externally, and accelerate their time to success in an increasingly digital world. With OpenText Content Suite, customers have the unified and secure content management platform they need to build a digital content management strategy that supports today's requirements and prepares them for the future." The report notes, "As a strategic framework, ECM can help enterprises take control of their content. It can contribute to initiatives around transactional processes, compliance and records management as well as sharing and collaborating around content and documents.... Additional drivers in ECM for 2015 include the need to mine content for either internal or external use cases. These include scenarios where a more contextual or personalized view of content is desired. Vendors that have a close relationship with an analytics vendor and have integrated analytics or search score better in these areas." OpenText Content Suite facilitates an agile information governance strategy designed to reduce risk and mitigate the cost of growing volumes of content in the enterprise, freeing CIOs to focus on using information to drive growth and innovation. An integrated suite of enterprise content management technologies, OpenText Content Suite includes a platform to unite, capture, document and records management, workflow, search and archiving as well as applications and add-ons such as email, eDiscovery, auto-classification, contract management and engineering document management.  The Magic Quadrant provides a graphical positioning of four types of technology providers, in markets where growth is high and provider differentiation is distinct. "Leaders have the highest combined scores for Ability to Execute and Completeness of Vision. They are doing well and are prepared for the future with a clearly articulated vision. In the context of ECM, they have strong channel partners, presence in multiple regions, consistent financial performance, broad platform support and good customer support. They are very strong in one or more technologies or vertical markets. Leaders deliver a suite that addresses the demand for direct delivery of the majority of core components, although these are not necessarily owned by them, tightly integrated, unique or best of breed in each area. In our assessments we looked for demonstrated enterprise deployments; integration with other business applications and content repositories; incorporation of social, cloud and mobile capabilities; and vertical-process and horizontal-solution focus. Leaders should drive market transformation." OpenText Content Suite features an array of ECM solutions designed to help organizations amplify value and effectively govern the vast amounts of information flowing across their enterprises. OpenText Content Suite and OpenText ECM solutions for SAP, Oracle, and Microsoft automate the end-to-end capture and processing of business data by embedding ECM in lead applications. By allowing content to be delivered in context with business processes while focusing on simplified and collaborative user experiences, OpenText solutions help drive ECM adoption and ensure success through a balanced approach to risk and value.  Click here to download a complimentary copy of the report. Gartner Disclaimer Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. About OpenText OpenText enables the digital world by simplifying, transforming, and accelerating enterprise information needs, on premises or in the cloud. For more information about OpenText (NASDAQ: OTEX, TSX: OTC) visit opentext.com. Connect with us: Certain statements in this press release may contain words considered forward-looking statements or information under applicable securities laws. These statements are based on OpenText's current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the operating environment, economies and markets in which the company operates. These statements are subject to important assumptions, risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict, and the actual outcome may be materially different. OpenText's assumptions, although considered reasonable by the company at the date of this press release, may prove to be inaccurate and consequently its actual results could differ materially from the expectations set out herein. For additional information with respect to risks and other factors which could occur, see OpenText's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other securities filings with the SEC and other securities regulators. Unless otherwise required by applicable securities laws, OpenText disclaims any intention or obligations to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Copyright 2015 Open Text Corporation. OpenText is a trademark or registered trademark of Open Text SA and/or Open Text ULC. The list of trademarks is not exhaustive of other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names, company names, brands and service names mentioned herein are property of Open Text SA or other respective owners. All rights reserved. For more information, visit: http://www.opentext.com/who-we-are/copyright-information. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130730/CL55531LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/opentext-named-a-leader-in-gartners-magic-quadrant-for-enterprise-content-management-300170156.html SOURCE  Open Text Corporation 