2015-11-04 NEW YORK, Nov. 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Experian Marketing Services, a recognized leader in data-driven marketing and cloud-based marketing technology, has hired digital-marketing industry veteran Bridget Bidlack to lead the global product vision, evolution and innovation for the Experian Marketing Suite. Bidlack, who joins the company in the New York City office as vice president of global product management, will be responsible for further unifying Experian's industry-leading technology, data and services for digital advertising and cross-channel marketing within the Experian Marketing Suite. In this role, Bidlack will oversee a global team responsible for product planning, execution and training in more than 30 countries around the world.  "Bridget's background in building and bringing innovative digital marketing products to market will be instrumental as we take the Experian Marketing Suite to the next level of cross-channel marketing technology," said Matt Seeley, group president, Experian Marketing Services. "As a client-centric organization, Bridget's marketing prowess will be critical in ensuring that Experian continues to deliver market-moving products that put the marketer's needs at the center of our innovation roadmap." Known for her industry savvy and insight, Bidlack was named in 2014 as one of Adweek's "12 Stars of Ad Tech Who Are Building the Future of the Industry Right Now." In 2015 she was recognized by the San Francisco Business Times as one of the "Most Influential Women in Bay Area Business." Bidlack brings to the Experian team more than 15 years of experience transforming and scaling digital-marketing businesses. Most recently, she served as vice president, enterprise products, at Rocket Fuel, where she led product management for the company's platform business and was instrumental in integrating the company's people, processes and tools after the acquisition of data management company [x+1]. Bidlack served as senior vice president, product management, at [x+1], overseeing the Origin Digital Marketing Hub platform.  Prior to [x+1], Bidlack held numerous leadership positions at Traffiq, Turn and Microsoft. She got her start in digital advertising and email marketing at Bluestreak, an industry pioneer in digital marketing. She started her career at IBM in the Global Services division, supporting Fortune 500 clients using IBM's Customer Relationship Management, call center and middleware products. "The collision of marketing tech and ad tech is revolutionizing the marketing experience for both marketers and consumers. We're now able to move beyond the relevant ad and the personalized email to create brand experiences that transcend the channel," said Bidlack. "The Experian Marketing Suite has all the right ingredients to bring that vision to life for marketers in a single platform: accurate, quality data at scale; linkage technology; best-in-class security; real-time targeting; campaign management; decisioning and more.I'm thrilled to work with the industry's best and brightest at Experian to deliver market-moving, customer-first technology for our clients." Bidlack holds a Master of Science in information systems science from Salve Regina University and a Bachelor of Business Administration in business computer information systems from Hofstra University. Follow Bidlack on Twitter at @BBidlack. About Experian Marketing Services Experian Marketing Services is a leader in data-driven marketing and cloud-based marketing technology. Experian is the only company in the world to offer a comprehensive Marketing Suite that unites customer insights, analytics, data quality and cross-channel marketing technology into a single platform.Backed by the industry's highest-rated client services team and the world's largest consumer database, we provide more than 10,000 brands in more than 30 countries with unique competitive advantages through marketing services and technology. Our extended legacy in data security, management and consumer privacy has earned the trust of organizations and consumers from around the world for more than three decades. For more information, please visit http://www.experian.com/marketing-services. About Experian We are the leading global information services company, providing data and analytical tools to our clients around the world. We help businesses to manage credit risk, prevent fraud, target marketing offers and automate decision making. We also help people to check their credit report and credit score, and protect against identity theft. In 2015, we were named by Forbes magazine as one of the "World's Most Innovative Companies." We employ approximately 17,000 people in 38 countries and our corporate headquarters are in Dublin, Ireland, with operational headquarters in Nottingham, UK; California, US; and Sao Paulo, Brazil. Experian plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange (EXPN) and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 index. Total revenue for the year ended March 31, 2015, was US$4.8 billion. To find out more about our company, please visithttp://www.experianplc.comor watch our documentary, "Inside Experian."  Experian and the Experian marks used herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of Experian Information Solutions, Inc. Other product and company names mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. Contact: Suzanne BlackburnExperian Marketing Services1 212 863 4648suzanne.blackburn@experian.com Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140226/MM73173LOGO-c  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/experian-marketing-services-appoints-digital-marketing-veteran-bridget-bidlack-to-vice-president-of-global-product-management-300172500.html SOURCE  Experian Marketing Services 