2015-10-13 
 DUBLIN, Oct. 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets (http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/znvqnj/screenless) has announced the addition of the "Screenless Display Market by Type (Visual Image, retinal Direct, & Synaptic Interface), Application (Holographic Display, Head Mounted Display, & Head-Up Display), Vertical (Medical, Consumer, & Commercial), Geography - Global Forecast to 2020 " report to their offering.  The total screenless display market was valued at USD 242.1 Million in 2014 and expected to reach USD 1,242.3 Million by 2020. The global screenless display market is expected to register a CAGR of 31.44% between 2015 and 2020. There have been various advancements in electronics in the last few years and it is an ongoing process. One such advancement is screenless display which is expected to change the concept of displays. Factors such as space constraint and portability issues, and complete privacy are expected to drive the growth of the screenless display market. There have been several investments in this market and it has a mix of start-ups and established players.  The screenless display technology can be implemented in many applications such as screenless laptops, televisions, and wearable devices in the future. Currently these types of displays are being implemented in many sectors such as medical, consumer, and commercial. These displays are used mainly in medical holography and medical imaging. Similarly, the use of the screenless display products in the commercial gaming markets would grow with the development of head mounted screenless display products.  This market has been segmented into four categories- type, application, vertical, and geography. The type segment includes visual image, retinal direct, and synaptic. The application segment includes holographic display, head mounted display, and head-up display. The vertical segment includes application areas of screenless displays such as medical, aerospace & defense, automotive, consumer, and commercial.  Key Topics Covered:  1 Introduction  2 Research Methodology  3 Executive Summary  4 Premium Insights  5 Market Overview  6 Industry Trends  7 Screenless Display Market, By Type  8 Screenless Display Market, By Application  9 Screenless Display Market, By Vertical  10 Screenless Display Market, By Geography  11 Competitive Landscape  12 Company Profiles  - Avegant Corporation - Displair Inc. - Google, Inc. - Holoxica Ltd. - Kapsys - Leia Inc. - Microsoft Corporation - Microvision, Inc - Realview Imaging Ltd. - Zebra Imaging Inc.  For more information visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/znvqnj/screenless  Media Contact:  Laura Wood, +353-1-481-1716, press@researchandmarkets.net  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/screenless-display-market-by-type-application-vertical--geography---global-forecasts-to-2020-300158596.html SOURCE  Research and Markets 