2015-11-04 HONG KONG, Nov. 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Cogobuy Group ("Cogobuy" or the "Company," stock code: 400.HK), the largest e-commerce platform serving the electronics manufacturing industry in China, today announced that Dr. Shipeng Li has joined Cogobuy and INGDAN.com as Chief Technology Officer. In this role, Dr. Li will lead Cogobuy's technology strategy and drive the upgrade and completion of the Company's Internet of Things (IoT) platform.  Dr. Li joins Cogobuy from Microsoft Research Asia (MSRA), where he was a member of the senior leadership team and held various senior-level positions including Principal Researcher, Vice President, and Research Manager where he coordinated Microsoft's extensive multimedia research activities. Dr. Li was the founding member of Microsoft Research Asia in 1999, together with Dr. Kai-Fu Lee and Dr. Xiangyang Shen, and became a Partner in 2012.  Dr. Li's wealth of experience in technology, scientific research, and management will help Cogobuy and INGDAN.com continue to streamline its technology operations, infrastructure, and strategy. As CTO, he will be responsible for building business relationships with China's startups and innovators, and top research teams around the world. Dr. Li will also head the launch of INGDAN.com's new IngDan Lab to provide technical services and global experiences to startups and innovators under INGDAN.com, helping those startups become world-class intelligent hardware innovators.  Dr. Shipeng Li, CTO of Cogobuy Group, said, "I am excited to begin working with INGDAN.com's talented team to strengthen our supply chain offerings from hardware to include the integration of hardware, software, and cloud services. We will be launching the IngDan Lab and a patent pool to raise quality standards for new intelligent hardware while continuing to lower barriers to entry, further enabling us to export the abundant hardware production capabilities in China. I also look forward to leading the implementation of new industry standards that will establish a better environment for the industry's development." Mr. Jeffrey Kang, CEO of Cogobuy Group, said, "I am pleased to welcome Dr. Li to Cogobuy's growing family of world-class talent. The future of IoT will be driven by new hardware combined with software and cloud services. As a world-class scientist, Dr. Li's unique skillset is ideally suited to help us drive the optimization and completion of INGDAN.com's IoT platform. INGDAN.com will also be upgrading from a platform for business development and hardware supply chain services, to an integrated platform covering both software technology output and cloud services." About Cogobuy Group Cogobuy Group is the largest e-commerce service platform serving the electronics manufacturing industry in China. Through the e-commerce platform, which includes a direct sales platform, an online marketplace, and a dedicated team of technical consultants and professional sales representatives, the Company provides customers with comprehensive online and offline services across pre-sale, sale, and post-sale stages. The Company serves mainly SME electronics manufacturers. For further information, please refer to the Company's website at http://www.cogobuy.com/ About INGDAN.com INGDAN.com is a platform dedicated to connecting global intelligent hardware entrepreneurs and China-based supply chain resources. The platform provides information on hardware innovation, supply chain data, and supply chain demand docking for global IoT innovators and entrepreneurs. It is a one-stop hardware innovation business platform with its core being the "supply chain." For further information, please refer to the Company's website at http://www.ingdan.com/ To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/former-microsoft-executive-dr-shipeng-li-appointed-chief-technology-officer-of-cogobuy-group-300172961.html SOURCE  Cogobuy Group 