2015-11-12 RICHARDSON, Texas, Nov. 12, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Wunderman's KBM Group has been ranked a strong performer among suppliers of data management platforms (DMPs) by Forrester Research, Inc. out of a field of 8 companies invited to participate in their study.  The new report, The Forrester Wave:Data Management Platforms, Q4, 2015 is based on an evaluation of 66 criteria organized into three categories -- Current Offerings, Strategy and Market Presence  the evaluation included in-depth client references. For its Zipline DMP, KBM Group also achieved among the highest rankings in the corporate strategy and global presence categories. The report notes that "the best DMPs have evolved significantly since the 2013 Forrester DMP Wave" and that "as programmatic ad buying and selling become the norm, marketers and publishers are learning that harnessing their first-party data; developing single and consistent identities for their consumers across devices and systems  and gaining access to second-party data are mission-critical and require partnership with a data management platform." "Increasingly, marketers seek a unified view of consumers through the integration of online and offline data," says Wunderman, North American CEO Seth Solomons, "As these needs evolve, we are committed to developing the best-in-breed tools and business solutions to address these opportunities." Dave DeMarsh, president of KBM Group, says, "Our Zipline DMP enables marketers to deliver relevant experiences and messages to individuals globally and across devices. We are very pleased that our company and product was cited by Forrester as a strong performer." The authors of the research, Forrester analysts Susan Bidel and Richard Joyce, advise marketers and publishers to "Consider KBM Group if global operation from one central point is mission critical" and note "KBM Group aims to facilitate access to a DMP through self-serve interfaces and a wide array of partnerships, bringing sophisticated data management tools to mid-range clients." About KBM GroupKBM Group transforms marketing efforts into mutually beneficial customer conversations through data-driven insights. Based on a strategic approach to optimize business outcomes, KBM Group's world-class marketing solutions integrate offline and online marketing channels and allow companies to achieve high-performance B2B and B2C customer engagement and marketing ROI from a spectrum of services including consulting, data integration and database management, analytics, digital services, and marketing campaign management. KBM Group's parent company, Wunderman, is part of the Young & Rubicam Group and a member of WPP (NASDAQ: WPPGY). www.kbmg.com. About WundermanWunderman is a digital agency that combines creativity and data to drive results for its clients. Wunderman excels in CRM, advertising, loyalty management, content, promotions and social media. Founded by Lester Wunderman in 1958, today we have 7,000 people, comprising 1,300 data scientists, 2,200 creatives and 3,500 business people working in 175 offices in 60 countries. Best Buy, Citibank, Coca-Cola, Ford, Microsoft, Pfizer, Telefonica, Shell and UnitedHealth Group are among our clients. Wunderman is part of WPP (NASDAQ: WPPGY). Find out more at www.wunderman.com and @wunderman. ContactBarbara Palmer+1 212 941 3367 Barbara.palmer@wunderman.com 