2015-11-12 LONDON, Nov. 12, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- BI and analytics platforms cover all BI and analytics solutions that are deployed within organizations. Learning analytics software uses tools and applications for collecting, managing, and analysing both structured and unstructured data to improve multiple processes and activities. The learning analytical tools include content analytics, adaptive learning analytics, functional support analytics, social media analytics, and predictive analytics. It is expected that this learning analytical tool will have an enormous impact on the global education industry giving educational institutions the freedom to make informed decisions independently. Technavio's analysts forecast the global learning analytics market to grow at a CAGR of 25.45% over the period 2014-2019. Covered in this reportThis report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global learning analytics market for 2015-2019. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from software licenses, maintenance, implementation, and subscriptions. In addition, the report considers the revenue generated from:- Content analytics- Adaptive learning analytics- Functional support analytics- Social media analytics- Predictive analytics The report also defines the market by deployment model:- On-premises - Cloud  Technavio's report, Global Learning Analytics Market 2015-2019, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers APAC, Europe, North America, and ROW; it also covers the landscape of the market and its growth prospects in the coming years. The report includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key regions- APAC- Europe- North America - ROW Key vendors- Blackboard- Desire2Learn- McGraw-Hill Education- Pearson- Saba Software Other prominent vendors- Cornerstone OnDemand - IBM - Jenzabar - Knewton - Kronos- Microsoft - Totvs  Market driver- Increased need to develop competitive strategies- For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge- Privacy security and ethical issues - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend- Expansion of application areas - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report- What will the market size be in 2019 and what will the growth rate be?- What are the key market trends?- What is driving this market?- What are the challenges to market growth?- Who are the key vendors in this market space?- What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors?- What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3376019/ About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com  For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com 