2015-10-13 NEW DELHI, Oct. 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Commvault(NASDAQ: CVLT) - Greenply Industries Limited, the largest interior infrastructure company in India, has today announced a major modernization of their data centre infrastructure by implementing SAP HANA, Cisco UCS C240 servers and Commvault's data protection and information management solution.  Greenply, which has a turnover of more than Rs. 2,000 crore (USD $307M), sought to build a new IT infrastructure using industry leading solutions following the de-merger of their two entities  Greenlam and Greenply. The decision to implement Commvault software ensured Greenply could provide the organisation with a robust data management capability which had superior integration with SAP HANA and Cisco UCS. As a result, the company has been able to slash storage related costs by 40 percent, reduce data at its source by almost 50 percent thanks to de-duplication and reduce time to manage data by 70 percent, as compared with their previous CA backup solution.  "As a manufacturing company, we simply cannot afford any downtime," said Dr. Vineet Bansal, Chief Information Officer at Greenply. "The entire supply chain is dependent on information being available, protected and reliable so having a rock-solid data management solution is essential to the business. One of the key reasons we chose Commvault software was it was one of the few solutions certified for SAP HANA. It also integrates seamlessly into our extensive Cisco environment, which together provides us with the 'perfect combination' to ensure a scalable, user-friendly and fully compatible data storage and management solution. Commvault's software automates and streamlines the data protection and archiving process so no extensive training was required, and the implementation and configuration was very simple." Greenply uses Commvault to manage backups of business critical database servers, VMware Hypervisors and file systems, including a disaster recovery strategy supported by Commvault's Intellisnap and replication capabilities. Data is replicated from the primary data centre in Noida to their DR site in Bengaluru, which is a safer location from natural disasters than other parts of India.  Seamless Integration with Existing IT Investments Enable Commvault to Provide Centralized Management of InformationCommvault software runs seamlessly on top of Greenply's selected server technologies including SAP HANA, Nexus switches and Cisco Unified Computing Systems (UCS C240 servers), NetApp storage, SUSE, Sybase DB, Microsoft SQL Server and VMware Hypervisor. Managing a compressed 12TB of database and file system backup and recovery data, Commvault's solution is supporting the entire organization by enabling centralized management of information, and ensuring business continuity.  "Disaster recovery and business continuity strategies, particularly for companies operating out of high risk locations, need to be robust and reliable," said Ramesh Mamgain, Area Vice President of Sales - India & SAARC at Commvault. "Commvault's strategic partnerships with vendors like Cisco and SAP ensure our customers are well equipped to build technology infrastructure that not only mitigates the risk of data loss, but powers their business for the future." About Greenply Industries Limited Greenply Industries Limited (GIL) is India's largest interior infrastructure company with a whopping turnover of Rs. 1560 crore. With a strong retail network, Greenply owes 46 branches across India and have presence in over 300 cities across 21 states. Greenply Industries Limited is committed to provide international quality products to its customers through more than 10,000 distributors, dealers, sub-dealer and retailers. The company has five state of the art manufacturing facilities across the country manufacturing products of global standards. Information about Greenply is available at http://www.greenply.com/ About Commvault A singular vision  a belief in a better way to address current and future data management needs  guides Commvault in the development of Singular Information Management solutions for high-performance data protection, universal availability and simplified management of data on complex storage networks. Commvault's exclusive single-platform architecture gives companies unprecedented control over data growth, costs and risk. Commvault's software suite of products was designed to work together seamlessly from the ground up, sharing a single code and common function set, to deliver superlative Data Protection, Archive, Replication, Search and Resource Management capabilities. More companies every day join those who have discovered the unparalleled efficiency, performance, reliability, and control only Commvault can offer. Information about Commvault is available at http://www.commvault.com. Commvault's corporate headquarters is located in Tinton Falls, New Jersey in the United States. Safe Harbor Statement Customers' results may differ materially from those stated herein; Commvault does not guarantee that all customers can achieve benefits similar to those stated above. This press release may contain forward-looking statements, including statements regarding financial projections, which are subject to risks and uncertainties, such as competitive factors, difficulties and delays inherent in the development, manufacturing, marketing and sale of software products and related services, general economic conditions and others. Statements regarding Commvault's beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future are forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may differ materially from anticipated results. Commvault does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements. The development and timing of any product release as well as any of its features or functionality remain at our sole discretion. 1999-2015 Commvault Systems, Inc. All rights reserved. Commvault, Commvault and logo, the "CV" logo, Commvault Systems, Solving Forward, SIM, Singular Information Management, OnePass, Commvault Galaxy, Unified Data Management, QiNetix, Quick Recovery, QR, CommNet, GridStor, Vault Tracker, InnerVault, Quick Snap, QSnap, IntelliSnap, Recovery Director, CommServe, CommCell, ROMS, Commvault Edge, and CommValue are trademarks or registered trademarks of Commvault Systems, Inc. All other third party brands, products, service names, trademarks, or registered service marks are the property of and used to identify the products or services of their respective owners. All specifications are subject to change without notice. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150607/221282LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/greenply-optimizes-sap-hana-investment-with-commvault-to-align-it-initiatives-with-strategic-business-goals-300158268.html SOURCE  Commvault 