2015-11-06 Whitepaper and webinar explain how OneWorld email encryption is a secure solution TORONTO, Nov. 6, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -If your company is one of the businesses which subscribe to the Enterpriseservices of Microsoft Office 365, you must be diligent about protecting sensitive and confidential information. With email remaining the number one form of corporate communication, and the number of email users worldwide to exceed 2.9 billion in 2019, protecting sensitive data is increasingly important. "Security of sensitive information must be considered a priority by everyone, especially when the life histories of potentially millions of customers are at risk," says Greg Aligiannis, Senior Director of Security, Echoworx. "Encryption applied to email and other data lets organizations stay one step ahead if and when a security lapse occurs." Sixty one per cent of today's email users have admitted to sending unencrypted confidential information through open email channels. So, how can you use Office 365 to manage the complex risk management demands surrounding email communication?  Echoworx, makers of OneWorld, the first intelligent message encryption platform, can assure email messaging and data protection for Office 365 with an integrated cloud system that's completely secure yet simple to use.  Echoworx is providing two opportunities to learn about how you can protect sensitive information with Office 365. On November 12 at 9 a.m. EST, Echoworx will present a webinar, Securing Office 365: Rising to Meet Tomorrow's Security Challenges, with Osterman Research analyst Michael Osterman and Jacob Ginsberg, Senior Director of Products at Echoworx. They will explain how companies can change their strategy from reactive to proactive when it comes to email security and risk management.  A Whitepaper, Making the Business Case for Office 365, from Osterman Research and Echoworx, is available for download, offering the latest statistics on what's driving use, real-world best practices for securing Office 365, issues to consider and new business opportunities. "Microsoft is a cloud vendor that organizations can trust to remain in the cloud business  and to continue to innovate  for many years to come," says Osterman. "However, no vendor or solution can be all things to all customers. Consequently, there are some limitations in Office 365 that can be better addressed through the use of security, encryption and other solutions that are offered by third parties." "Email encryption doesn't have to be complicated. Policy-based email solutions remove the responsibility for security from individual employees by detecting specified keywords, attachments or number patterns like credit cards or social insurance numbers,"says Aligiannis. To register for the Securing Office 365: Rising to Meet Tomorrow's Security Challenges webinar, visit http://ow.ly/UiOyo To download the Making the Business Case for Office 365 Whitepaper,click on http://ow.ly/UiOu4 About Echoworx Echoworx brings simplicity and scalability to encryption while assuring its integrity. OneWorld, our flagship solution, is the first smart message encryption platform that makes secure messaging easy and cost effective -- designed to adapt to any environment and all forms of encryption. Our passionate encryption experts transform chaos into order for world leading enterprises and OEM providers who understand the requirement for secure communication is of the upmost importance. Visit us at www.echoworx.com SOURCE  Echoworx Corporation 