2015-11-11 STOCKHOLM, LONDON and NEW YORK, November 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Vaultize, the enterprise file security leader and among 20 Most Promising BYOD Solution Providers, and its Scandinavian distributor ARJ Distribution will be exhibiting its enterprise digital rights management with enterprise file sync & share at the Citrix User Group in Sweden on November 17th and 18th. Vaultize's Chief Solutions Architect Gary Cooke will also be addressing the audience on the topic of "Information-centric security in a perimeter-less  world" on November 18 at 10:20 am.  (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130710/626741) The Swedish Citrix User Group Conference is a platform to showcase technical capabilities from security vendors like Vaultize. This conference is attended by technocrats across the region and is a great platform for technical interaction. The exhibitor list consists of solution providers at the forefront of enterprise security and risk management. Vaultize is the only enterprise digital rights management and file sharing vendor that helps meet compliance, eDiscovery and data governance requirements while providing features like file sync & share, ftp replacement, virtual data room (VDR), control over email attachments, mobile collaboration and VPN-free anywhere access. Enterprise IT gets complete control and visibility over sensitive corporate data, irrespective of the device used for accessing and sharing that data - even in highly regulated and security-conscious verticals, including Fortune 500s. Vaultize customers include Banks, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI) companies, Automotive, Healthcare, Media and Defense organizations. With increased adoption of enterprise mobility, enterprise rights management is becoming very important. IT needs to think beyond enterprise mobility management. Vaultize follows an innovative (US patent-pending) information-centric approach called Micro-containerization to enterprise rights management, which is independent of file formats and agnostic to applications and vendors. Other DRM solution providers follow a vendor-dependant approach wherein they use Microsoft's native DRM capabilities for MS-Office documents and Adobe's DRM for PDF documents. About Vaultize: Vaultize is an award-winning privately held company that provides enterprise file sync and share (EFSS), secure anywhere mobile access and mobile collaboration with DRM, MCM and endpoint protection. It has presence in 50+ countries - including the US, Europe, Africa, APAC and Middle East, through network of resellers, distributors, system integrators and MSPs. A free virtual appliance with 10-user perpetual license is available for download. Follow us on Vaultize Blog, Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. For further information, contact:press@vaultize.com
US (+1-212-880-6412)
UK (+44-20-8133-6412)
India (+91-20-6720-4646) 
SOURCE  Vaultize
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/vaultize-showcasing-its-enterprise-digital-rights-management-with-secure-file-sharing-at-citrix-user-group-conference-in-sweden-545569442.html	    
	   SOURCE  Vaultize 