2015-10-22 MOUNT PROSPECT, Ill., Oct. 22, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Crestwood Associates LLC is hosting a free Lunch ERP/CRM comparison event on Wednesday, October 28, 2015 at GameWorks in Schaumburg. Many companies ask us what they should do when faced with old systems that need serious investment to bring up to date, and how they should move forward when the need for new servers or other hardware arises. We also come across firms who are just starting to question their current solution, and may be evaluating their ERP options. And then there are those that are wondering if they should stay with an on-premise solution or move to the cloud.  In response to this need, Crestwood sought to put together a one-stop-shop experience for clients and prospective clients and conduct a live comparison of the top ERP systems on the market today. Crestwood will cover the key strengths of many solutions, and outline how each system differs. The event will focus particularly on questions around:Microsoft Dynamics GP, Microsoft Dynamics SL and Microsoft Dynamics CRM  Acumatica, Greentree, Quickbooks and Sage In addition we are including sections on the Affordable Care Act Reporting requirements, Year-End considerations, BI Tools, AP Automation, HR/Payroll, and System Integrations.  For anyone with questions around any of these options, this free event will hold a lot of value. To register for this event please CLICK HERE.  Details on the venue & agenda:GameWorks at The Streets of Woodfield, 601 N Martingale Rd, Suite 115, Schaumburg, IL 60173 Wednesday, October 28th, 2015Noon to 4:00PM (CST)Lunch will be served at noon. Thank you to our event sponsors: Scribe Software, RegLogic, Solver, Inc. and Integrity Data.  About Crestwood We focus on delivering Microsoft Dynamics GP (Great Plains), Microsoft Dynamics SL (Solomon), Acumatica the Cloud ERP, Greentree and Microsoft Dynamics CRM applications. Founded in 1998 with its primary office located in Mount Prospect, Illinois and satellite locations in Madison, Wisconsin, South Bend, Indiana, and Farmington Hills, Michigan, Crestwood Associates is Chicago's premier Gold Certified Microsoft Dynamics Partner and 9-time President's Club Award Winner. In addition, Crestwood is a founding Acumatica partner and a 4-time Greentree Partner of the Year Award Winner.  The Crestwood team is comprised of seasoned, highly trained, certified professionals who provide in-depth industry experience and functional expertise. Focused execution by skilled professionals enables us to deliver robust solutions in an efficient and effective manner. Photo(s):http://www.prlog.org/12504541  Press release distributed by PRLog  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/crestwood-associates-to-host-erp-comparison-event-300164976.html SOURCE  Crestwood Associates LLC 