2015-11-06 PUNE, India, November 6, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- According to a new market research report"Augmented Reality Marketby Component (Sensor, Display, & Software), Display Type (Head Mounted, Head-Up, Handheld, & Spatial), Application (Aerospace & Defense, Consumer, Commercial), and Geography - Global Forecast to 2020", published by MarketsandMarkets, the total market is expected to reach USD 56.8 Billion by 2020, at a CAGR of 79.6% between 2015 and 2020. Browse 75 market data Tables and 51 Figures spread through 161 Pages and in-depth TOC on "Augmented Reality Market" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/augmented-reality-market-82758548.htmlEarly buyers will receive 10% customization  On this report. The growing demand for Augmented Reality Technology in consumer, commercial, and aerospace & defense segments would drive the growth of the augmented reality market. The augmented reality technology would drive the specialized applications in the diverse fields. The augmented reality was initially developed for the military purpose to train the military personnel. It would help the military personnel to be aware of the new instruments and weapons. Augmented reality technology is also used in the medical sector to train the doctors and the nurses to help the patients treat better. The gaming experience has been much more fruitful with the augmented reality being used in the generation of the games. The Augmented Reality Market is expected to exhibit a high growth in the next five years. The use of augmented reality technology in sectors such as aerospace & defense, consumer, and commercial would be high in the coming years. The applications such as aerospace & defense and automotive would also help boost the augmented reality market. The presence of major companies such as Google, Inc. (U.S.), Qualcomm, Inc. (U.S.), Microsoft Corporation (U.S.) in the North American augmented reality market is likely to boost the market growth in the region. The European augmented reality market would follow North America in terms of market growth. The associations such as the EuroVR, the European Association for Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality and the growth of automotive and aerospace & defense sector in the region would help the growth of European augmented reality market. The Asia-Pacific AR market is likely to be driven by fast-growing commercial sector in the region. This report provides a detailed analysis of the overall augmented reality market and segments the same based on type, component, technology, application, display type, and geography. The objective of the research study was to analyze the market trends for each of the types of the augmented reality, technology in the augmented reality, growth rates of the various applications (aerospace & defense, medical, consumer, and commercial), and the growth of segments distinguished by components such as hardware (sensor, semiconductor component, display) and software in the augmented reality market. The display types such as head-mounted display, head-up display, handheld device display, and spatial display have also been analyzed with respect to its use for the augmented reality market. Ask For PDF Brochure: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/pdfdownload.asp?id=82758548 Apart from the market segmentation, the report also covers the Porter's five forces analysis, the market's value chain with a detailed process flow diagram, and the market dynamics such as drivers, restraints, opportunities, and challenges in the overall augmented reality market. The major market players covered in the report are Google, Inc. (U.S.), Qualcomm, Inc. (U.S.), Microsoft Corporation (U.S.), Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (South Korea). The start-ups such as Magic Leap, Inc. (U.S.) are also the ones to look out for in the AR market. Browse Related Reports Visual Computing Market by Component (Hardware & Software), Display Platform (Interactive Whiteboards, Monitors, & Others), Industry Gaming, Media & Entertainment, Healthcare, & Others), & Geography - Global Forecast to 2020http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/visual-computing-market-157021061.html Virtual Reality Market by Technology (Semi & Fully Immersive), Device (HMD, gesture Tracking), Component (Sensor, Display, Software), Application (Gaming, Entertainment, and Industrial), Geography - Trends & Forecasts to 2014-2020http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/reality-applications-market-458.html About MarketsandMarkets MarketsandMarkets is world's No. 2 firm in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&M's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connect over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical info graphics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arriving and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Contact:Mr. Rohan
Markets and Markets 
UNIT no 802, Tower no. 7, SEZ
Magarpatta city, Hadapsar
Pune, Maharashtra 411013, India
Tel: + 1-888-600-6441
Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com
Visit MarketsandMarkets Blog @ http://www.marketsandmarketsblog.com/market-reports/electronics-and-semiconductors
Connect with us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets 
SOURCE  MarketsandMarkets
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/augmented-reality-market-worth-568-billion-usd-by-2020-541632481.html	    
	   SOURCE  MarketsandMarkets 