2015-10-26 NEW YORK, Oct. 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Microsoft Corp. on Monday opens the doors to its first flagship store in the heart of Manhattan at Fifth Ave. and 53rdSt.  the cross streets of a vibrant and historic local community and internationally recognized shopping destination. In the making for more than six years, the five-floor, 22,369 square-foot store features an assortment of best-in-class products and in-store services familiar at the company's more than 110 retail locations, while offering new interactive experiences to allow customers to get hands-on with products in an immersive way. "Our store on Fifth Avenue  as well as every other one of our locations across the U.S., Puerto Rico and Canada  is here to showcase the best of Microsoft to the local community," said David Porter, corporate vice president, Worldwide Retail and Online Stores at Microsoft. "We exist to build relationships with our customers, one person at a time, and we are excited to do that on Fifth Avenue starting today." Since opening its first store in 2009, Microsoft has expanded its retail footprint and online presence to serve more than 1 billion customers through the company's community-based retail strategy. Today, more than 80 percent of Americans live within 20 miles of a Microsoft store, with more than 110 stores across the U.S., Puerto Rico and Canada, as well as online stores operating in 189 countries. The Microsoft Flagship Store is the company's largest store to date, offering new immersive experiences to engage with customers and partners while serving as a technology hub for the community.  Celebrating a first in Microsoft's history Microsoft is celebrating the opening of its first flagship store with fans and the local New York City community with festivities throughout the day. Microsoft's Chief Operating Officer Kevin Turner will host the inaugural ribbon-cutting ceremony joined by Microsoft's Corporate Vice President of Devices Panos Panay, New York City's Deputy Mayor for Strategic Policy Richard Buery and New York City's Chief Technology Officer Minerva Tantoco. Following the ribbon-cutting ceremony outside of the main entrance, a curtain will drop  unveiling the inside of the Microsoft Flagship Store for the first time  and it will then be open to the public at noon. Day-one customers can take advantage of great deals on Surface devices and low prices on Xbox One and accessories. In addition, the first 1,000 people in line will receive complimentary tickets to attend Microsoft's community concert featuring Pitbull at Rockefeller Center, located at Rockefeller Plaza on 48th Street between Fifth and Sixth Avenues, at 8 p.m. ET Monday night. Get hands-on with Microsoft's latest technology The Microsoft Flagship Store offers best-in-class products that take advantage of powerful and versatile hardware to unlock new Windows 10 experiences, including new Surface, Lumia and Microsoft Band devices, Signature Edition PCs, Xbox One, Office, a variety of accessories, and more. Local New York residents and visitors alike are invited to experience the energy, expertise and service that Microsoft stores associates are known for.  Also, to celebrate the launch of "Halo 5: Guardians," the Microsoft Flagship Store will host a special midnight launch event with fans starting Monday at 9 p.m. ET. During the event, the "Halo 5: Live" launch celebration show will be broadcast in the store, while fans and special guests get early gameplay, access to giveaways, food and more  all culminating with the release of one of the year's most-anticipated Xbox titles. Fans will also have the chance to win a trip for two to Seattle for an exclusive tour of Xbox and 343 Industries, creators of the Halo franchise.  Commitment to serving New York  The Microsoft Flagship Store is another extension of the company's deep ties to New York and a commitment to providing opportunities to empower local youth and businesses through technology, training and experiences. To start, Microsoft is presenting more than $3 million in technology grants to 14 nonprofit organizations that represent the city's five boroughs. Recipients include All Star Code, Brooklyn Academy of Music, Brooklyn Children's Museum, Directions for Our Youth, National September 11 Memorial & Museum, Network for Teaching Entrepreneurship, New York Botanical Garden, New York Hall of Science, Per Scholas, PowerMyLearning, Staten Island Children's Museum, Staten Island MakerSpace, We Connect the Dots, and Women's Housing Economic Development Corp. Experience what's in store for Microsoft The Microsoft Flagship Store will offer a full lineup of products, devices and services. Microsoft associates will be able to help consumers no matter what device they purchased or where they purchased it from. As part of the company's commitment to providing the best possible choice, value and service for customers, the Fifth Avenue store will also include The Dell Experience at the Microsoft Store. The Dell Experience at the Microsoft Store on the third floor gives customers the chance to experience the full range of innovative Dell products, including the XPS, Inspiron and Precision lines of end-user computing and Alienware gaming products  all built using Microsoft technology.  In collaboration with design firm Gensler, the Microsoft Flagship Store embraces the existing heritage and character of the neighborhood in the heart of Manhattan through restoration, along with the implementation of unique design elements, such as a facade of glass utilizing minimal structural attachments to fully display all the store has to offer inside: About Microsoft Stores In 2009, Microsoft opened its first Microsoft store in Scottsdale, Ariz. Since then, Microsoft has opened more than 110 retail locations across the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico and welcomed more than 1 billion customers to its full-line, specialty and online Microsoft store properties in 189 markets globally. Microsoft stores are committed to delivering outstanding choice, value and service for each customer, featuring an assortment of best-in-class products, including computers, software and games to music, tablets, phones and wearables. For a list of Microsoft stores, visit http://microsoftstore.com/locations. About Microsoft Microsoft (Nasdaq "MSFT" @microsoft) is the leading platform and productivity company for the mobile-first, cloud-first world, and its mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Logo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20000822/MSFTLOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/microsoft-debuts-its-first-flagship-store-on-new-york-citys-iconic-fifth-avenue-300165829.html SOURCE  Microsoft Corp. 