2015-11-03 VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Nov. 3, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Honeydipped.com has now started accepting the alterative cryptographic currency Bitcoin as a payment method via BitPay. "Bitcoin, which utilizes blockchain technology goes hand in hand to our alternative and disruptive thinking here at honeydipped.com." said CEO Brian Yang. Honeydipped.com is the number one gold plater of Apple Watches and bands. They are capable of plating the stainless steel Apple Watch and Band in Yellow or Rose gold, with such high quality the Apple Store Geniuses cannot tell the difference between the Honeydipped.com plated version and the $17,000 Apple Watch Edition. BitPay is the leading bitcoin processor and trusted by many enterprises such as Dell, Microsoft and Lionsgate Entertainment. BitPay allows merchants to accept bitcoin payments from their consumers, while receiving standard currency. Merchants can accept payments in BitCoin from anyone, anywhere in the world at a low cost. Bitcoin, Ripple and the overall blockchain technology was a popular topic at Money20/20. Bitcoin has recently exploded to highs not seen for seen for several years. Bitcoin is even gathering major interest from banks and investment firms all over the world including RBC, CIBC, Goldman Sachs, UBS and Citi Bank. Even the ASX, Australian Securities Exchange is interested in utilizing blockchain technology. Contact: +1-888-610-4496 Sales@honeydipped.com For more information, visit: www.honeydipped.com  About: Honey Dipped Plating makes it possible for the average consumer to purchase an almost identical version of the authentic gold Apple watch for only a fraction of the retail price. This is achieved through an advanced gold plating technology that submerges the Apple Watch and bands in a safe gold plating solution that permanently bonds 24 karat gold to the stainless steel of the watch. The advanced electroplating equipment we use paired with our proprietary plating techniques give us the upper hand to our competition and allow us to produce the highest quality gold plated Apple Watch upgrades you will find anywhere. Contact: +1-888-610-4496 Sales@honeydipped.com For more information, visit: www.honeydipped.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/honeydippedcom-starts-accepting-bitcoin-for-apple-watch-gold-plating-and-pre-plated-apple-watches-300171919.html SOURCE  Honey Dipped LTD 