2015-11-10 The Surface Book. Photo: Microsoft. Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Surface Book is a hit. Critics have been nearlyunanimousin their praise for the device, which Microsoft has characterized as the "ultimatelaptop." Given its price, the Surface Book is unlikely to sell in large quantities, but it could help reinvigorate interest in the Windows platform and boost Microsoft's top and bottom lines. A high-end laptop with unique features and few compromisesReviews for the Surface Book have mostlyemphasizedthe same points: If you can afford it, it's a great PC with some unique features. It's among the best laptops on the market, and it gives the Windows platform a high-end machine capable of challenging the MacBook Pro. Positives Still, there were a few complaints, mostly surrounding the trade-offs Microsoft made in an effort to deliver the Surface Book'ssignaturefeature. The Surface Book isn't a pure laptop, but rather aconvertible-- its screen can detach and double as a stand-alone tablet. Among high-end machines, there's no other device quite like it, but it does introduce a few shortcomings. Negatives Truly a halo deviceBut the most overwhelming negative -- at least from a buyer's perspective -- is its price tag. It's simply too expensive for most buyers, and its appeal will likely be limited to a relative handful of professionals and enthusiasts.The Surface Book starts at $1,499, and some configurations runs upwards of $3,000. Historically, Windows laptops have sold for around $400-$700 on average. Even Macs, which are more expensive than most Windows laptops (the least expensive MacBook Air starts at $899), don't often break the $1,500 mark. Last quarter, the average Mac sold for just over $1,200. Nevertheless, the Surface Book still serves an important role for the broader Windows ecosystem, giving Microsoft a halo device for discriminate consumers, and something its OEM partners can hopefully replicate at more affordable price levels. Until the Surface Book, buyers looking for high-end Windows laptops had few options. There are plenty of powerful, expensive Windows machines, but they usually compromise on design, trackpad, or battery life. Boosting Windows and Surface revenueLast quarter, Microsoft's Surface business generated $672 million. That was down sequentially, but Microsoft's management offered a plausible explanation: Buyers were waiting for the company to unveil new hardware. Surface Book and Surface Pro 4 weren't available last quarter, and weren't reflected in Microsoft's results. But when Microsoft reports earnings in January, a sharp rise in Surface revenue should be expected. Unfortunately, Microsoft doesn't break out Surface profitability directly, but has said its Surface Pros have been profitable on a gross margin basis in the past. Given its high price, the same is likely true for the Surface Book. Strong demand for the machine should benefit Microsoft's bottom line then, but the positive effects on the Windows ecosystem should be more significant -- although harder to detect. At long last, there's finally a Windows machine with impeccable hardware.  The next billion-dollar iSecret The world's biggest tech company forgot to show you something at its recent event, but a few Wall Street analysts and the Fool didn't miss a beat: There's a small company that's powering their brand-new gadgets and the coming revolution in technology. And we think its stock price has nearly unlimited room to run for early in-the-know investors! To be one of them, just click here. Sam Mattera has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. 