2015-10-16 PUNE, India, October 16, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- This 2015 Strategic Focus enterprise applications market report analyses the current trends, drivers, and inhibitors impacting the industry. The report outlines the evolution of enterprise applications, and identifies and assesses the best performing vendors in the market. Complete report on enterprise applications market trends spread across 39 pages, mentioning 10 major companies and supported with 6 tables and 8 figures is now available at http://marketreportsstore.com/strategic-focus-report-enterprise-applications-technology-and-market-trends/ . This 2015 enterprise applications market and technology trends report presents a view of the revenue opportunities in the enterprise applications market through to 2019, highlighting the market size and growth by technology, geography, sector and size band. Moreover, following in-depth ICT decision maker surveys, the report outlines enterprises' investment priorities in the enterprise applications. Enterprise applications continue to form the backbone of most organizations' enterprise infrastructure. Enterprise applications have come a long way, from being an on-premise standalone solution to becoming mobility and cloud computing enabled enterprise applications that are often closely integrated with other business applications. Furthermore, global customers and the need for widespread connectivity are driving the demand for more flexible enterprise applications. According to the enterprise applications market report, in addition to its integration with various third platform technologies such as cloud, mobility, social and big data, enterprise applications are increasingly getting amalgamated with mobile HTML5 and upcoming trends such as the internet of things (IoT). While the need to upgrade legacy enterprise applications remains one of the drivers for the technology adoption, security and compliance issues related to cloud and mobility based enterprise applications constitute the prime inhibitors for the technology growth. This enterprise applications market research says that the top ten vendors contributed more than 50% of the total enterprise applications market during 2013 and 2014. This 2015 research covers the latest trends in the enterprise applications market, coupled with insight into the vendor landscape and market size in the enterprise applications domain. Companies mentioned in this report include SAP, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce.com, Intuit, Adobe, IBM, Dassault Systemes, Amdocs and Autodesk. Order a copy of Strategic Focus Report - Enterprise applications; Technology and market trends at http://marketreportsstore.com/purchase?rname=18073 . In particular, this strategic focus 2015 report provides an in-depth analysis of latest trends impacting the enterprise applications market. The market drivers (both supply-side and demand-side) that will facilitate the growth of the enterprise applications market along with market inhibitors that may hinder the pervasive adoption of enterprise applications are covered. Identification of the top ICT vendors in the enterprise applications market, coupled with an overview of the top 5 vendors is provided. The research also covers the primary findings from view of revenue opportunities in the enterprise applications market through to 2019, highlighting the market size and growth by technology, geography, sector, and size band. An identification of enterprises' investment priorities based on their budget allocations relating to enterprise applications is also covered. Comprehensive table of contents and more for Strategic Focus Report - Enterprise applications; Technology and market trends is available at http://marketreportsstore.com/toc/?rname=18073 . On a related note, the ICT investment trends in retail banks; Enterprise ICT spending patterns through to the end of 2016 market research report and its survey shows that retail banks are continuously looking to increase their investments in hardware and software, primarily driven by the need to enhance their go to market strategies with innovative services. The age of consumerism and bring your own devices (BYOD) is driving the investments in online and mobile banking, with online banking emerging as the topmost business area among retail banks, attracting largest investments from them in 2015. Meanwhile, increasing capital strength is vital for a banks' sustainable growth, as weak financial strength can jeopardize the bank's expansion plans. Read more at http://marketreportsstore.com/ict-investment-trends-in-retail-banks-enterprise-ict-spending-patterns-through-to-the-end-of-2016/ . Explore more reports on Information Technology market at http://marketreportsstore.com/category/information-technology/ . About Us:  Market Reports Store is your one-stop online shop for syndicated industry research reports on 25+ categories and their sub-sectors. We bring to you to the latest in market research across multiple industries and geographies from leading research publishers across the globe. Contact:
Ritesh Tiwari
UNIT no 802, Tower no. 7, SEZ
Magarpatta city, Hadapsar
Pune - 411013
Maharashtra, India.
+ 1 888 391 5441sales@marketreportsstore.com 
SOURCE  Market Reports Store
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/enterprise-applications-market-and-technology-trends-reviewed-in-2015-strategic-focus-report-533150201.html	    
	   SOURCE  Market Reports Store 