2015-10-23 NEW YORK, Oct. 23, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Corporate Responsibility (CR) Magazine announced the fifth annual Top 10 Best Corporate Citizens rankings by industry, which were also revealed at the annual COMMIT!Forum in New York City. Rankings were announced in the following sectors: business services; consumer items; consumer staples; energy; financial; healthcare; information technology; materials; media & entertainment and utilities. This is the fifth year that Corporate Responsibility Magazine recognized companies by industry, applying the methodology from its 100 Best Corporate Citizens List. The formal announcements were made at the COMMIT!Forum in New York City.  "We congratulate those companies that represent the creme de la creme from each industry represented within the 2015 100 Best Corporate Citizens List for their commitment to corporate responsibility and are thrilled to recognize these stellar organizations, who each strive to serve as archetypes for what it means to be a socially responsible company for all other organizations both within and outside of their individual industries," said Elliot Clark, CEO of Corporate Responsibility Magazine. "Our annual 100 Best List honors the other top companies that collectively represent America's most ambitious enterprises in regard to their consistent efforts towards increasing corporate social responsibility by demonstrating truly admirable ethics, values and fair business practices." By industry, the Best Corporate Citizens are:  Corporate Responsibility Magazine is America's leading voice on corporate responsibility, providing case studies, analyzing best practices and tracking trends in the five primary segments of CR: energy and the environment, risk management, governance and compliance, employee relations, and human rights.  The 10 Best Corporate Citizens by Industry (full list): http://www.thecro.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/100-best-industry-sector.pdf Information on the 100 Best Corporate Citizens ranking and methodology: http://www.thecro.com/topics/25115/the-100-best-corporate-citizens/  About Corporate Responsibility MagazineCorporate Responsibility Magazineis the voice of the corporate responsibility profession covering case studies, best practices, and trends in the five primary segments of the CR profession: a) Governance, risk, compliance, b) Environmental sustainability c) Corporate social responsibility, d) Philanthropy, and e) Workforce/diversity.www.thecro.com About the COMMIT!ForumEach year, COMMIT!Forum attracts: C-suite executives, Leaders in communications, CR and Sustainability professionals, Foundation heads, and Non-profit execs. This year's theme is COMMIT! To A Responsible Culture & Supply Chain. As an attendee you'll learn: how to run a more responsible business, how to build a more sustainable workforce and how to build a more responsible supply chain. Our competitive advantage? Access. Professionals who attend learn the latest best practices and how-to's from our hand-picked experts. And just as important, the COMMIT!Forum allows networking opportunities to engage with C-suite executives, CEOs, corporate communication pros, and CR professionalsindustry leaders who can help our attendees achieve their professional goals. The path to COMMIT! culminatedOctober 21-22in New York Cityat the Forum: www.commitforum.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/corporate-responsibility-magazine-announces-2015s-top-10-best-corporate-citizens-by-industry-300165395.html SOURCE  COMMIT!Forum 