2015-10-13 REDWOOD CITY, Calif., Oct. 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --eMMs, Inc. secures over $2 Million in company's Series-A round of funding from private South African individual investor to build the cyberdata protection fortress, FortKnoxx. Patent pending, FortKnoxx Fortress Technology (FFT) product B2C: AdCrusher was built to restore a private and ad- and distraction-freePC experience in Q4 2015. After this September's successful seed round and now this closed Series-A round of funding, theone-year-old startup plans to grow organically by gaining trust and momentum with PC and laptop consumers this year and digital device users in early 2016. In parallel to B2C organic growth, eMMs Inc. expects to see tremendous near-term growth, fueled by the following flagship FFT, B2Bproduct offerings nowin rapid, agile software development mode:(1)FortKnoxx online fortress data repository(2) FFT RA-D-ar (Risk Assessment-Delta...from... -architecture ...of... reference)(3) FFT SaaS Health and Financial industry Enterprise web services, process and system eMMs, Inc. founder and CEO Stephen Sexton's original brainchild is a unique and forward visionaryB2Cindividual Personal Health Record (iPHR) system and site that takes HIPAA and HITECH compliance to the next level. It re-empowers consumers to control their own universal1 Electronic Health Record (EHR) comprised of accurate, consolidated, centralized and integrated sets of EHRs. The FFT patent pending Intellectual Property was invented for the sole purpose of differentiating eMMs, Inc. RXcloset (RXc)and freeHealthBook (fHB), social media entry point and community-featured lite iPHR. Thistakes HIPAA and HITECH compliance to the next level above Microsoft HealthVault, IBM Healthcare and similar iPHR providers through: full multiple compliances, active B2B risk assessments, providing professional services level of attention to detail, B2B onsite presence to advise and gain risk awareness within the context of ISO 27001 and 27002 expertise and factoring annual, maintenance and per transaction breach-averse, session network ghosting spectrum. eMMs, Inc. founder and CITO Robert Thevenet says: "FortKnoxx's initial patent is groundbreaking around the never-before-usedsession spectrum in conjunction with a complex algorithm and yet-to-be-patented upcoming advanced technology. This allows FFT to manipulate and distribute sensitive data sources, making the actual whereabouts of the sensitive data unknown even if the system is compromised by inside jobs or utter system catastrophe." For more information please visit: https://www.emmscorp.com To pre-purchase subscriptions to:FFT AdCrusher Or iPHR freeHealthBook | RXcloset  visit: http://subscribe.emmscorp.com 1 all previous and future health providers - uEHR Contact: Andrew SextonFounder and CMO1-650-863-1001andrew.sexton@emmscorp.com Stephen SextonCEO1-650-575-7279stephen.sexton@emmscorp.com Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151013/276601   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/emms-inc-secures-over-2-million-in-series-a-funding-300159189.html SOURCE  eMMs, Inc. 