2015-10-19 ARLINGTON, Va., Oct. 19, 2015 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Bloomberg BNA today announced it would be hosting two interactive events focused on the challenges facing large law firms and legal departments in attracting, promoting and retaining diverse talent and improving diversity. The Bloomberg BNA Big Law Business Diversity & Inclusion conferences build on Big Law Business, a leading provider of news, analysis and commentary on the legal profession. The morning events are being held from 8:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Thursday, October 29 at 404 NYC in New York City and Wednesday, November 4 at the Bloomberg LP offices in San Francisco. For complimentary registration and event information, visit here. To follow the event on Twitter, use #BigLawDiversity.  "Diversity is one of the most important issues facing law firms and corporate legal departments in today's marketplace," said Scott Mozarsky, President, Cross Platform Division, Bloomberg BNA. "A diverse workforce  coupled with a commitment to diversity and inclusion from the top down  is critical to an organization's growth, success and ability to drive innovation and deliver unique perspectives to clients and customers. At our New York and San Francisco events we have assembled a strong lineup of speakers  including Fortune 100 general counsel, law firm managing partners and diversity officers  to engage in spirited dialogue around diversity and inclusion issues affecting the legal profession." The events are designed for top decision-makers in the legal industry, including chief legal officers, in-house counsel, managing partners, and human resources personnel. They expand upon the success of the inaugural Big Law Business Summit, held this summer in New York City.  Speakers at the New York City event include: Speakers at the San Francisco event include: For additional information and complimentary registration, click here. Follow Big Law Business on Twitter and LinkedIn.  About Bloomberg BNABloomberg BNA, a wholly owned subsidiary of Bloomberg, is a leading source of legal, regulatory, and business information for professionals. Its network of more than 2,500 reporters, correspondents, and leading practitioners delivers expert analysis, news, practice tools, and guidance  the information that matters most to professionals. Bloomberg BNA's authoritative coverage spans a full range of legal practice areas, including tax & accounting, labor & employment, intellectual property, banking & securities, employee benefits, health care, privacy & data security, human resources, and environment, health & safety. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120110/DC33627LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bloomberg-bna-to-host-big-law-business-diversity--inclusion-conferences-300161977.html SOURCE  Bloomberg BNA 