2015-11-04 After an endless wait of threeyears, Microsoft finally launched its flagship devices Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL. However, the duo has not hit the store shelves yet. These devices are now showcased in Microsoft stores for potential buyers to get the hands-on experience prior to buying the handset. Even thoughMicrosoft touted the 4K video recording capability of the Lumia devices, nobody has tried the feature out yet. But now, a new video has popped up showing the camera features of the Lumia device. The new video carrying an alleged Microsoft Lumia 950 unit has been uploaded in YouTube and it shows incredible 4K videos taken using the device. Lumia devices, in general, are known for phenomenal camera units. Not to forget the killer 41-megapixelsensor seen in the much-loved Lumia 1020. Even thoughthe new Lumia 950 does not come with a 41-megapixelshooter, the primary camera is still note-worthy at 20-megapixel. The alleged Lumia 950s 4K video captures a slew of early fall nature shots that are easy on the eyes and in the process, it shows the prowess of the phone. The video clearly depicts the level of details, smoothness and color representation of the housed camera unit, Windows Central reported. However, there is no way to verify how the YouTube user got hold of a Lumia 950 handset prior to the official release. Therefore, readers are advised to take the video with the proverbial grain of salt. Specifications-wise, the Lumia 950 and Lumia 950 XL come with Windows 10 straight out of the box. A 5.2-inch display, Snapdragon 808, 3 GB RAM, microSD card and Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery complete the device. Many reviewers across the globe have rated the duo as one of the most impressive series from Microsoft. Even though, the exact Lumia 950 release date has not been made official yet, the device will reportedly hit the store shelves sometime in November. Speaking of carrier, AT&T will reportedly be the only carrier in the U.S. to offer the Lumia duo. Here, check out the 4K capabilities of the Lumia 950: (Credit: YouTube/Videotistik) 
  