2015-10-27 COPENHAGEN, Denmark, October 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Danish startup Templafy, a branding and compliance solution for enterprise documents, has raised millions more in funding and secured a strategic partnership with Microsoft. The investment comes from both new and existing investors and brings the experienced entrepreneur, Preben Damgaard, onto the Board.  (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151027/280854LOGO ) Templafy was founded in 2014 as a spinoff from the successful template management company, SkabelonDesign, as a response to the cloud-first business environment. It now counts 25 staff and is on course for solving visual and legal anarchy in documents for enterprises globally, helping to ensure compliance in the two billion business documents created by employees worldwide every day. Templafy has focused its sights on the enterprise segment, with a client list that includes DSB, SEB and Nets, and 80K+ users now on the platform. Securing top tech talent is part of the company's strategy with Preben Damgaard, whose former company Navision was acquired by Microsoft in 2002 - the largest acquisition ever made by Microsoft at the time - now joining the fold in this latest investment. The links with Microsoft, as well as Templafy's integration with the Office suite, has resulted in a strategic partnership with the tech giant. "More and more companies are choosing to move their software to the cloud. Templafy have chosen to build their solution in a way that fully integrates with the Office 365 platform, which means that they really remove a barrier to cloud adoption for all our customers, gradually ensuring our cloud services are adopted by the users. Cooperation with Templafy was therefore obvious," said Aaren Ekelund, Head of Division, Microsoft Office. Strong forces The new investment comes from SEED Capital, Sunstone Capital and private investors, Jesper Theill Eriksen and Preben Damgaard. The capital raise comes in the wake of robust economic growth and the prospect of an almost untouched global market with more than 1bn enterprise users. "Templafy has created a solution that's extremely scalable and they have a vast market in view. Customers are really happy with the solution and the strategy works. The high degree of talent the company has managed to attract matches its high potential," said General Partner of SEED Capital, Lars Andersen, also a member of Templafy's Board. The latest funding will accelerate Templafy's reach internationally, as will the addition of Preben Damgaard to the Board. Damgaard was one of the driving forces behind the sale of uber successful startup Endomondo earlier this year, and had a 22% stake in the company Secunia, which was sold to Flexera Software in September. "The investment allows us to power up our strategy execution, and the addition of Jesper Theill Eriksen and Preben Damgaard obviously brings tremendous value. They are both very experienced in the enterprise segment. Preben has a number of successful companies behind him, Navision included, that resemble the Templafy solution, both in market approach and in their relation to Microsoft. It's therefore extremely valuable for us to have Preben join the Board," said Templafy CEO, Christian Lund. "Templafy closes a gap in the market and their product covers a universal need across geographies and industries. They solve a real problem recognised by most businesses. I chose to become involved in Templafy because the founders and shareholders are very experienced and because the technology supports a basic trend and combines dynamically scalable IT services with settlement of software as a service," said Preben Damgaard. Templafy raised its first investment in the summer of 2014, with approximately $2.5 million contributed by SEED Capital and Sunstone Capital. About Templafy Templafy is an enterprise branding and compliance tool. It simplifies how companies create, manage and share document templates and personalizes them for every employee. The solution ensures visual and legal consistency and delivers major efficiency gains for companies as well as individual users. Templafy was launched in 2013 as a spinoff from SkabelonDesign A/S, which has supplied template solutions to more than 700 companies in the enterprise segment worldwide since 2004. Further information:
Christian Lund
CEO, Templafy
E-mail: cl@templafy.com
Telephone: +45-25-32-74-95 SOURCE  Templafy 