2015-10-15 PASADENA, Calif., Oct. 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- ION, the Influencer Orchestration Network, incubated by Ayzenberg Group, is now moving to its own15,000-square-foot headquarters in the tech hub of Old Town Pasadena, with facilities that include 3 sound stages equipped for live-streaming broadcasts, plus original content production studios and a full editorial and post-production center. Currently servicing clients including Amazon and JW Marriott, ION is also expanding its operations internationally, as satellite offices open in Seattle, Portland, London, and, at the end of the year, New York. Francesca Forgach has joined the ION team as Group Account Director. Forgach comes to the team from Machinima, with experience in influencer and integrated marketing for clients including Sony, Lionsgate, Paramount, Hulu, plusoriginal series (Mortal Kombat Legacy) and influencer integrations (Game of Thrones, The Walking Dead). Prior to Machinima, Forgach worked in Activision'ssocial CRM personalization platform management, adding significant strength to the ION offering. Specializing in the development of powerful, long-lasting relationships between brands and influential content creators, ION's suite of services include the Influencer Channel Network, or ICN: a custom, scalable, brand-owned influencer channel created and managed by ION. ION develops custom solutions for brand campaigns, ranging from single-influencer activations to scalable, long-term ICN engagements that can include hundreds of influencers. Emphasizing the combined power of a technology platform augmented with fully managed service and brand building expertise, ION's offerings continue to grow as well. The recently implemented Brand SoulMates discovery platform and ICN Brand Channel management service contribute to ION's status as a leader in Network Orchestration. Additionally, ION continues to leverage the power of Ayzenberg Group, a full-service, integrated agency with a focus on brand management, strategy, creative and production capability, andpredictive listening technology. Going beyond the capabilities of above- and below-the-line agencies, Ayzenberg is a uniquefront line partner with 20+ years of award-winning expertise. AboutAyzenberg One of the ten largest privately held creative firms on the West Coast,Ayzenbergis a full-service advertising agency with a distinctly social and agile approach. We're all about creating and sharing brandstoriesina real-time, always-on, multi-screen way. We have advertising, social media, digital, original content, media planning and implementation, analytics and more under one roof, working as one. Fromvideogameto beverage and consumer electronic brands, our clients value how we target, convert and generate traction with today's connected 'Gen Now' consumers. Current clients includeActivision, EA, Microsoft, Red Bull, Sony, Mattel, Yahoo!, Disney, and Warner Bros. For more information, please visit ayzenberg.co. About ION The Influencer Outreach Network (ION) is an agency within theAyzenbergwhich uses a state of the art process andtoolset, theICN, to match progressive brands with their content creator BrandSoulMates. ION provides a long-term, scalable way to activate social content and is powered by a managed service team with over 20 years of brand integration experience. Whether it's automotive, entertainment, gaming, technology, or fashion, ION provides maximum engagement and ROI for both brands and creators. For more information, visit joinion.net. Contact Information 