2015-11-13 With less than a month since Halo fans were able to get their hands on the Halo 5: Guardians, developer 343 Industries is already teasing the upcoming post-launch content for the game. The free post-launch content is coming in this November, and this brings in some new maps, modes and a lot of weapons. Detailed over at the official Halo Waypoint Blog, 343 Industries announced that the first content pack is called Battle of Shadow and Light. The biggest thing that it will add is the Big Team Battle maps and modes. It introduces an eight-on-eight team battle that will span four maps, namely Basin, Deadlock, Guillotine and Recurve. The developer stated that the maps have been adjusted to ensure that they incorporated the movement system in Halo 5: Guardians. All of them are also available for Custom Games and Matchmaking. In addition, the Battle of Shadow and Light update will also introduce a couple of ne REQs including the ultra rare Shinobi Armor Set and the Tracer Armor Set. There are also legendary items like the Dying Star weapon, Woodland-skinned and Tundra-skinned vehicles and the Maverick Jester and Void Dancer Comet. As Microsoft had predicted, Halo 5: Guardians served as a booster for sales of the Xbox One. For October, the Xbox One managed to bag the position of winner in terms of hardware sales, as confirmed by NPD, a data tracking firm. According to DualShockers, the numbers include an increase in shipments by 81 percent. One big part of this is the inclusion of the Halo 5: Guardians title in the already strong lineup for Xbox One games in October. The latest Halo title also managed to nab the top spot of titles sold last month, edging out other titles that have released in more than one platform. It bested the likes of NBA 2K16, Assassins Creed Syndicate, WWE 2K16, FIFA 16 and even Destiny: The Taken King. Even the top anticipated PS4 title, Uncharted: The Nathan Drake Collection came only at ninth place in the list.  "Halo 5: Guardians" update Battle of Shadow and Light(Credit: YouTube/Halo) 