2015-10-19 BURLINGTON, Massachusetts, October 19, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Attunity Ltd. (NASDAQ: ATTU), a leading provider of data management software solutions, announced today with Teradata (NYSE: TDC), thebig data analytics andmarketing applicationscompany, that the companies have signed a strategic and global resell agreement. Teradata customers can now purchase Attunity products as part of their Teradata big data analytics solutions. These Attunity products can enable accelerated and real-time data integration as well as optimized data usage for data warehousing, Hadoop and data lakes.  Certified with the Teradata Universal Data Architecture (UDA) platform, Attunity software enables quick and easy-to-use optimized solutions for loading data across the Teradata Database, Teradata Aster, Teradata Cloud for analytics, Teradata Appliance for Hadoop, and Think Big Data Lake and Analytic Solutions for Hadoop. Attunity will showcase these solutions live in booth 139 this week at the Teradata 2015 PARTNERS Conference. "Building a foundation for big data analytics requires a comprehensive and integrated set of solutions designed to work together, including data warehousing, data discovery and Hadoop, which Teradata brings together with our UDA offering," said Scott Collins, Vice President, Global Alliances and Strategic Partnerships, Teradata."With this agreement, we can now offer our global customers Attunity's data integration solutions optimized for Teradata." "We focus on helping enterprises build the right roadmap, infrastructure and practices as they start and later expand and optimize data lake solutions leveraging technologies like Hadoop," said Ron Bodkin, President of Think Big Analytics, a Teradata company. "We are excited about this partnership with Attunity, and the prospect of using its products to automate and optimize the process of ingesting data into the data lake." "Over the past few years, we have built a strong partnership with Teradata focusing on joint customer success and aligning our solutions to complement the broad Teradata UDA portfolio," said Itamar Ankorion, Executive Vice President, Business Development and Corporate Strategy at Attunity. "This global resell agreement demonstrates the value and uniqueness of our products to enable enterprise-scale Big Data Management solutions. It also presents growth opportunities as we work strategically with this established and recognized leader in the large data warehousing and fast-growing big data markets."  For more information: About Attunity
Attunity is a leading provider of data management software solutions that enable access, management, sharing and distribution of data, including Big Data, across heterogeneous enterprise platforms, organizations, and thecloud. Our software solutions includedata replication,data flow management,test data management,change data capture(CDC),data connectivity,enterprise file replication(EFR),managed file transfer(MFT),data warehouse automation, data usage analytics, andcloud data delivery. Attunity has supplied innovative software solutions to its enterprise-class customers for nearly 20 years and has successful deployments at thousands of organizations worldwide. Attunity provides software directly and indirectly through a number of partners such as Microsoft, Oracle, IBM and HP. Headquartered inBoston, Attunity serves its customers via offices inNorth America,Europe, andAsia Pacificand through a network of local partners. For more information, visithttp://www.attunity.comor ourIn Tune blogand join our community onTwitter,Facebook,LinkedInandYouTube. IMPORTANT NOTE: The announcement of any particular selection or implementation of Attunity products is not necessarily indicative of the timing of recognition of revenue therefrom or the level of revenue for any particular period. References to customer successes are based upon a single user experience and such customer's testimonial. 
Safe Harbor Statement
This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding the anticipated features and benefits of Replicate Solutions, within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other Federal Securities laws. Statements preceded by, followed by, or that otherwise include the words "believes", "expects", "anticipates", "intends", "estimates", "plans", and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as "will", "should", "would", "may" and "could" are generally forward-looking in nature and not historical facts. Because such statements deal with future events, they are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, could differ materially from Attunity's current expectations. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to: our reliance on strategic relationships with our distributors, OEM and VAR partners, and on our other significant customers; risks and uncertainties relating to acquisitions, including costs and difficulties related to integration of acquired businesses; timely availability and customer acceptance of Attunity's new and existing products, including Attunity Maestro; changes in the competitive landscape, including new competitors or the impact of competitive pricing and products; a shift in demand for products such as Attunity's products; the impact on revenues of economic and political uncertainties and weaknesses in various regions of the world, including the commencement or escalation of hostilities or acts of terrorism; and other factors and risks on which Attunity may have little or no control. This list is intended to identify only certain of the principal factors that could cause actual results to differ. For a more detailed description of the risks and uncertainties affecting Attunity, reference is made to Attunity's latest Annual Report on Form 20-F which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the other risk factors discussed from time to time by Attunity in reports filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Except as otherwise required by law, Attunity undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
###
 Attunity 2015. All Rights Reserved. Attunity is a registered trademark of Attunity Inc. All other product and company names herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.
 Teradata and the Teradata logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Teradata Corporation and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and worldwide.
Press contacts:Melissa Kolodziej, Director of Marketing Communications, Attunity, melissa.kolodziej@attunity.com, Tel. +1-781-730-4073
SOURCE  Attunity Ltd.
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/attunity-expands-partnership-with-teradata-534127121.html	    
	   Safe Harbor Statement
This press release contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding the anticipated features and benefits of Replicate Solutions, within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and other Federal Securities laws. Statements preceded by, followed by, or that otherwise include the words "believes", "expects", "anticipates", "intends", "estimates", "plans", and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as "will", "should", "would", "may" and "could" are generally forward-looking in nature and not historical facts. Because such statements deal with future events, they are subject to various risks and uncertainties and actual results, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, could differ materially from Attunity's current expectations. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to: our reliance on strategic relationships with our distributors, OEM and VAR partners, and on our other significant customers; risks and uncertainties relating to acquisitions, including costs and difficulties related to integration of acquired businesses; timely availability and customer acceptance of Attunity's new and existing products, including Attunity Maestro; changes in the competitive landscape, including new competitors or the impact of competitive pricing and products; a shift in demand for products such as Attunity's products; the impact on revenues of economic and political uncertainties and weaknesses in various regions of the world, including the commencement or escalation of hostilities or acts of terrorism; and other factors and risks on which Attunity may have little or no control. This list is intended to identify only certain of the principal factors that could cause actual results to differ. For a more detailed description of the risks and uncertainties affecting Attunity, reference is made to Attunity's latest Annual Report on Form 20-F which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the other risk factors discussed from time to time by Attunity in reports filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Except as otherwise required by law, Attunity undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. ###  Attunity 2015. All Rights Reserved. Attunity is a registered trademark of Attunity Inc. All other product and company names herein may be trademarks of their respective owners.  Teradata and the Teradata logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Teradata Corporation and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and worldwide. Press contacts:Melissa Kolodziej, Director of Marketing Communications, Attunity, melissa.kolodziej@attunity.com, Tel. +1-781-730-4073 SOURCE  Attunity Ltd. 