2015-11-10 CHICAGO, Nov. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Microsoft Dynamics AX, an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system that consolidates business operations into a single, familiar Microsoft technology platform, now supports the unique requirements of automotive manufacturers. A new solution, the Crowe Automotive Accelerator for Microsoft Dynamics AX, was developed by Crowe Horwath LLP, one of the largest public accounting, consulting and technology firms in the U.S. The solution addresses the rigors of the automotive manufacturing environment with a flexible interface that can be customized for each organization. According to Josh Cole, managing principal of Crowe Performance Consulting, Crowe used its deep automotive industry expertise to extend the Microsoft Dynamics AX platform with functions that serve both automotive suppliers and original equipment manufacturers (OEM), including electronic data interchange (EDI), release accounting and bar code labeling requirements. "Microsoft has designed the most attractive and capable enterprise system for the new automotive industry. Microsoft Dynamics AX along with the Crowe Automotive Accelerator provides an architecture that can keep pace with the product and process innovation that's happening today at an unprecedented rate in transportation," he said. Crowe recently implemented the solution for a Tier 1 automotive supplier that serves dozens of OEMs. "Our client has exacting quality, sequencing and delivery requirements that were simply not supported in the generic ERP software that was available. Instead, we implemented the Crowe Automotive Accelerator, an innovative design on the Microsoft platform that centers on the supplier's diverse customer needs," said Cole.  The Crowe Automotive Accelerator supports all major EDI standards, including ASC X12, EDIFACT and Odette. It links OEM and supplier production scheduling, inventory and distribution systems. According to Cole, implementation risks are greatly mitigated as a result of the preconfigured industry functionality. Additional features of the Crowe Automotive Accelerator include: For more information, please visit www.crowehorwath.com/auto-NR. About Crowe Horwath Crowe Horwath LLP (www.crowehorwath.com) is one of the largest public accounting, consulting, and technology firms in the United States. Under its core purpose of "Building Value with Values," Crowe uses its deep industry expertise to provide audit services to public and private entities while also helping clients reach their goals with tax, advisory, risk and performance services. With offices coast to coast and 3,000 personnel, Crowe is recognized by many organizations as one of the country's best places to work. Crowe serves clients worldwide as an independent member of Crowe Horwath International, one of the largest global accounting networks in the world. The network consists of more than 200 independent accounting and advisory services firms in more than 120 countries around the world. Logo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20090902/CL69632LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/microsoft-dynamics-ax-provides-enhanced-functionality-for-automotive-industry-300175844.html SOURCE  Crowe Horwath LLP 