2015-10-26 CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Oct. 26, 2015 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ --MIT Technology Review (www.technologyreview.com) today published the final speaker lineup and agenda for its 15th annual EmTech MIT conference (www.emtechmit.com), which takes place November 24, 2015, at the MIT Media Lab in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Each year, the conference brings the media company's award-winning journalism to life by focusing on the emerging technologies with the greatest potential to change the world. This year, experts at universities such as MIT, Harvard, Duke, and Stanford and from organizations including Editas Medicine, Baidu, Transatomic Power, Microsoft, and Oculus will examine: Additionally, the 2015 Innovators Under 35 will present their work. A lineup of over 60 speakers includes: "MIT Technology Review's mission is to equip audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology, and our events bring that mission to life around the globe. In its 15th year, EmTech MIT continues its tradition of providing early access to the people at the bleeding edge of the technologies that matter," said Jason Pontin, CEO, editor in chief, and publisher. "Nothing is as inspiring as seeing a young innovator on stage speaking passionately about how she will make the world a better place." The event's presenting sponsor is Analog Devices, and event partners include The Italian Trade Agency, Ford SYNC, The Hartford, Data Transparency Lab, Lemelson-MIT Program, Elarm, Fitzpatrick, MIT Professional Education, CSAIL Alliance Program, and MIT Sloan Executive Education. For more information and to register, visit www.EmTechMIT.com. About MIT Technology ReviewMIT Technology Review, which is wholly owned by MIT, creates award-winning technology-related editorial content on a variety of platforms for an audience of millions of business leaders, innovators, and thought leaders, in six languages and in 147 countries. At www.technologyreview.com, readers access daily news and analysis, and the award-winning MIT Technology Review magazine has set the standard for technology publications since 1899. In addition to producing engaging live events, the company manages the global entrepreneurial organization MIT Enterprise Forum. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140729/130928  CONTACT: David Sweeney, 617-475-8018, David.Sweeney@TechnologyReview.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mit-technology-review-announces-final-speaker-lineup-and-agenda-for-15th-annual-emerging-technologies-conference-300165596.html SOURCE  MIT Technology Review 