2015-11-12 NEW YORK, Nov. 12, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- About Healthcare IT MarketThe healthcare market in UAE is witnessing a revolutionary growth. Despite increased investment in IT systems resulting in high costs of healthcare services for patients, healthcare providers choose to increase their IT spending. Both private and public healthcare organizations are engaging in projects that depend heavily on advanced medical technologies, analytics, and automation. This trend is expected to continue during the forecast period. The need to maintain quality and standard record formats and increased financial incentives from government and other international welfare organizations also encourage investment in IT in the healthcare industry in UAE.  Technavio's analysts forecast the healthcare IT market in UAE to grow at a CAGR of 11.12% during 2014-2019. Covered in this reportThis report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the healthcare IT market in UAE for 2015-2019. The market in UAE is categorized into three segments: hardware, software, and IT services.  Technavio's report, Healthcare IT Market in UAE 2015-2019, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. It covers the market landscape and its growth prospects in the coming years. The report also includes the profile of key vendors operating in this market. Key Vendors- Cerner - GE Healthcare- HP - IBM - OCSHI- Siemen Other Prominent Vendors- Accenture- Agfa-Gevaert- Anglo Arabian Healthcare- Atos Healthcare- Balaxi Healthcare- Carestream Health- CGM- Ciber- Cisco Systems- Cognizant- CSC- Datasel Healthcare IT Solutions FZ- Eclinicalworks- FUJIFILM Holdings - Harris - Heathland- iSoft- Microsoft- Netcetera- Nuviun- Philips Healthcare- Sunquest Information Systems- Wipro Key Market Driver- Increased Support from Government- For a full, detailed list, view our report Key Market Challenge- Security Concerns- For a full, detailed list, view our report Key Market Trend- Adoption of Patient Registry Software- For a full, detailed list, view our report Key Questions Answered in this Report- What will the market size be in 2019 and what will the growth rate be?- What are the key market trends?- What is driving this market?- What are the challenges to market growth?- Who are the key vendors in this market space?- What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors?- What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors?Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03155318-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com 