2015-10-26 Halo 5: Guardians has been an Xbox One exclusive since it was first announced. However, some fans became hopeful that the game may come to Windows 10 following a previous comment from 343 Industries. However, the developer has already cleared the air and confirmed that there are currently no plans as such. According to 343 Industries Frank OConnor, his response was noncommittal at best, and one that he has been giving whenever fans were asking if the team will bring Halo 5: Guardians to the PC, IGN reported. Even Xboxs Aaron Greenberg also confirmed that Halo 5: Guardians will be exclusive to the Xbox One. What OConnor merely meant was that they have not dismissed the possibility of bringing it to the PC, but for now they have no plans to do it whatsoever. In the meantime, fans can keep the hype running high for a few more days until the release date with the anticipation for the live launch broadcast titled Halo 5: Live. Over at Xbox Wire, 343 Industries has teased the six-hour launch broadcast in North America leading to the midnight launch. Happening the day before Oct. 27, the developer shared some interesting segments worth watching. One of these is the Writers Roundtable, where the team discussed a lot of the goings-on in Halo 5: Guardians. Joining the creative team of 343 Industries is Nathan Fillion, who is also known for his role as Spartan Buck in Halo 5: Guardians. The things that they discuss include the recording procedure for the game, the writing directions and nuances for games, and TV and the designing for the game for both newcomers and old-time fans. The broadcast will also look into the animated series so that fans will get a glimpse of where everything started in the Spartan-II program as well as where the Blue Team, Master Chiefs team and all its members stand now in the story. Microsoft has promised that Halo 5: Guardians to be its biggest game, and this will be its biggest launch yet. Halo 5: Guardians will becoming exclusively to the Xbox One on Oct. 27.  "Halo 5: Live" prelaunch broadcast(Credit: YouTube/Xbox) 