2015-11-13 BURBANK, Calif., Nov. 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --NPD numbers were issued yesterday with confirmation that Performance Designed Products LLC (PDP) again leads the third-party accessories market in total dollar and unit sales for a second year in a row. According to NPD, PDP sold over one-third of total third-party gaming accessories* compatible with Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo gaming systems, including Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and Wii U, as well as Xbox 360, PS3, and Nintendo and PlayStation portable hardware. (NPD Group/U.S./Retail Tracking Service/Nov. 2013 - Oct. 2015) Examples of products leading in sales for PDP products are headsets and gaming controllers; highlights include the superb audio sound from the Bass Boost mode of the AG 9 Headset for Xbox One and PS4, and the visually stunning and colorful Afterglow Prismatic Wired Controller for Xbox One. Additionally, PDP's Energizer line of chargers for the above gaming systems, plus Nintendo systems are the best-selling third-party chargers on the market. Sales for the recently released Universal Media Remote for PS4 are above anticipated, and showcase that PDP can also enhance your home entertainment system in addition to making consumers' gaming experience the best it can be. And, the newest Afterglow products, including the Afterglow Prismatic Wired Controller for Xbox One, the Afterglow AG 9 headsets, and the Afterglow LVL headset line will contribute to drive PDP's future leadership in the video game accessories category. All the above products are now available for purchase online at pdp.com and at major retailers. For any and all press inquiries on every product from PDP, please contact pr@pdp.com. *Combined Video Game Accessories, not including the "Interactive Gaming Toys" subcategory (amiibos, Disney Infinity figures, Lego: Dimensions play sets, and Skylanders figures, etc.) About Performance Designed Products LLCAs the #1 gaming accessories manufacturer, Performance Designed Products (PDP) designs high-quality and affordable products under a number of well-known brands, such as Afterglow, Rock Candy, and a growing portfolio of licenses. Headquartered in Burbank, CA, with offices in San Diego, France, United Kingdom, Hong Kong, and China, PDP's products can be found in major retailers across the world. PDP and the PDP logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Performance Designed Products LLC. All Rights Reserved. About Patriarch Partners Patriarch Partners, LLC, is a private equity firm and holding company managing 75 companies across 14 industry sectors with revenues in excess of $8 billion. Founded by Lynn Tilton in 2000, Patriarch was built upon a proprietary patented financial model designed to manage and monetize the distressed portfolios of financial institutions. For more information, please visit www.patriarchpartners.com.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/performance-designed-products-llc-dominates-third-party-accessories-market-for-a-second-year-300178604.html SOURCE  Performance Designed Products 