2015-10-23 BANGALORE, October 23, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Mordor Intelligence is pleased to announce the publication of the report on Global Healthcare Cloud Computing Market on October 23, 2015.  (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150428/740799) The report is a study on the Global MarketforHealthcare Cloud Computing market along with an in-depth analysis of the Asian, North-American, European and other regional markets. A healthcare cloud is a cloud computing service used for storing, maintaining and backing up personal health information by healthcare providers. The information is capable of being stored on on-site physical servers. The Global Healthcare Cloud Computing Market issegmentedon the basis of Components, Applications, Deployment, Service Model, Pricing Model and Geographical Region. The components segment is again divided into hardware, software, and services sub-segments. Based on application, the healthcare cloud computing market is categorized into clinical information systems (CIS) and nonclinical information system (NCIS). The service model segment includes software-as-a-service (SaaS), information-as-a-service (IaaS), and platform-as-a-service (PaaS). The deployment modelis segmented into private cloud, public cloud, and hybrid cloud while the pricing model is further categorized into pay-as-you-go and spot pricing. On the basis of end users, the market is segmented into healthcare providers and healthcare payers. Amongst the above mentioned sub-segments the software segment, CIS, software-as-a-service, private cloud, pay-as-you-go and the healthcare providers segments are estimated to account for largest share of healthcare cloud computing market. The geographic regional segmentation includes North America, Europe, Asia, and the Rest of the World (RoW). North America is estimated to contribute for the largest share of the healthcare cloud computing market and it is expected to continue to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period, followed by Europe and Asia. TheGlobal marketforHealthcare Cloud Computing is expected to reach $15.2 billion by the end of 2020 growing at a CAGR of 18% from 2014 to 2020. Get the full report here: Global Healthcare Cloud Computing Market Some of the key majorplayersin the global healthcare cloud market are IBM, Intel, Microsoft, GE Healthcare, CareCloud, Athenahealth, Inc., Carestream Health, Inc., Cleardata Networks Inc., Iron Mountain Inc., Merge Healthcare, Inc., VMWare, Inc. etc. Subscribe to free alerts or browse our comprehensive literature on Healthcare: http://www.mordorintelligence.com/industry-reports/healthcare About Mordor Intelligence:  Mordor Intelligence is a global market research and consulting firm. Our singular focus is to provide research insights for business success. Our research team has expertise in diverse fields like Agriculture, Healthcare, ICT, Chemicals, Manufacturing, Logistics, Electronics and Automotive. However diverse the expertise maybe, everyone in our team shares one common trait - 'we love data and we love providing solutions to clients using that data'. Seeing your business flourish based on our solutions and strategy is what we love the most. Media Contact:
Ms. Swathi S Kumar
Email:swathi@mordorintelligence.com
Direct Line: +1-781-300-3838
Website:http://www.mordorintelligence.com 
SOURCE  Mordor Intelligence LLP
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dynamic-health-benefit-plans-and-the-emergence-of-big-data-to-drive-the-global-healthcare-cloud-computing-market---ibm-intel-microsoft-ge-healthcare-carecloud-athenahealth-inc-carestream-health-inc-among-the-major-mark-536223331.html	    
	   SOURCE  Mordor Intelligence LLP 