2015-10-28 NEW YORK, Oct. 28, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- With the exponential growth and sophistication of cyber-attacks in the last few years, security solutions and services are in demand to protect the huge confidential data of the government, military, public data, Banking Financial Service and Insurance (BFSI), hospitals, and other business. With regards to this, security solutions such as security intelligence, managed security services, advance threat protection, and incident response are being used for data privacy and for cyber protections. Of all major technologies, antivirus and antimalware solution is expected to acquire the highest market share during the forecast period owing to the increase in adoption of such solutions by organizations of multiple sizes as well as consumers. The cyber security market is tending towards maturity in developed regions such as North America and Europe. However, emerging regions such as Latin America and APAC are rapidly investing in this security market due to emerging issues of major security breaches. There are numerous drivers to this market and it is considered to be a fast growing market. Latin America and APAC have seen tremendous economic growth, political transformation, and social change. Owing to the sophistication of cyber threats, countries in these regions have all updated or launched new national cyber security policies.  Major drivers of this market are the stringent government cyber laws and increasing risk of security threat to the various sectors. Along with this, cloud computing is also an important driver, which has grabbed the spotlight of the market thereby increasing the threat of data loss and data leakage. However, cyber talent gap and lack of awareness about the dedicated solutions are the biggest challenge faced by the industry.  The global cyber security report is segmented on the basis of type, solution, service, vertical, and region. The cyber security types include network security, endpoint security, application security, content security, and wireless security & cloud security. The services are segmented as consulting, design and integration, risk and threat assessment, managed security services, and training and education. The market is segmented into solutions such as identity and access management, risk and compliance management, encryption, data loss prevention, unified threat management, firewall, antivirus and antimalware, Intrusion Prevention System (IDS)/Intrusion Detection System (IPS), Security Information and Event Management (SIEM), disaster recovery, Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) mitigation, and whitelisting. In addition, the report classifies the industry verticals as aerospace, defense, and intelligence; government, Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance (BFSI), telecommunication, healthcare, retail, manufacturing, and others. The regions covered are North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa, and Latin America. The global cyber security market is expected to grow from $106.32 billion in 2015 to $170.21 billion by 2020, at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 9.8%. The key players in this market include Booz Allen Hamilton, Cisco, CSC, IBM, Lockheed Martin, Intel Security, Microsoft, Northrop Grumman, Symantec, and Trend MicroMarketsandMarkets expects the aerospace, defense, and Intelligence vertical to account for the largest market share throughout the forecast period. The professional approach of cyber criminals, highly interdependent supply chain management, growing cyber-attacks on critical infrastructure of aviation and defense are the main dangers to a nation's critical networks and supply chains leading to the theft of proprietary data. Transglobal strategic alliances, proactive measures, substantial investments, technological advancements, along with new legislations are the key factors behind the continual increase in the adoption of cyber security solutions across the aerospace and defense industry. The other revenue pockets that will witness significant growth in this period are healthcare, telecommunication, and manufacturing. There are various assumptions that have been taken into consideration for the market sizing and forecasting exercise. A few of the global assumptions include political, economic, social, technological, and economic factors. The dollar fluctuations are expected to not seriously affect the forecasts in the emerging regions. The report will help the market leaders or new entrants in this market in the following ways:1. This report segments the market into various sub-segments covering this market comprehensively. The report provides the closest approximations of the revenue numbers for the overall market and the sub-segments. The market numbers are further split across the different end users and regions. 2. This report will help in the better understanding of the competitors and gain more insights to better one's position in business. There is a separate section on competitive landscape, which includes competitor ecosystem, mergers and acquisitions, partnerships, and agreements. Besides, there are company profiles of ten players in this market. In this section, market internals are provided that can put one ahead of the competitors. 3. The report also helps in understanding the overall growth of the market. It provides information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03044571-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker reviews, finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. 