2015-10-27 BROOMFIELD, Colo., Oct. 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Webroot, the market leader in intelligent cybersecurity for endpoints and collective threat intelligence, today announced a partnership with Laplink, a global market leader in PC migration. The two companies will boost their consumer offerings by bundling Webroot SecureAnywhere Internet Security with PCmover Express to make cybersecurity and new PC setup easyjust in time for the holiday shopping season. Tech gifts, including new PCs running Windows 10, are expected to be even more popular this year than last year. According to Consumer Electronics Association (CEA),65 percent of all Americans are planning to buy tech gifts this holiday season. But new computers often bring two headaches: first, moving everything from the old device to the new one; and second, a new computer is often not properly protected from the growing threat of internet risks. Sophisticated malware, spear phishing, and ransomware are just a few of the many ways a hacker can infiltrate into a device. Unsurprisingly, users are seeking real-time security software that can quickly protect their identity and privacy online. The partnership between Webroot and Laplink will help users move to a new PC and be safe, leveraging intelligent endpoint protection along with the only migration software recommended by Microsoft.  "Our customers want a complete new PC setup experience and that includes security, which is why we're partnering with Webroot," said Thomas Koll, Chief Executive Officer at Laplink. "We're excited to provide a solution sure to fit every holiday wish list: a Smarter Cybersecurity approach to protect against emerging threats and a smoother process to move into your new Windows 10 PC." "At Webroot, we're continually seeking ways to offer our customers new innovations and solutions that complement our award-winning protection and make their lives easier," said David Bennett, vice president of worldwide consumer and SMB sales at Webroot. "Because Windows no longer includes a migration solution as it did in the past, we decided to partner with Laplink to provide the best solution available, helping consumers become more empowered to protect and secure their personal data while alleviating the stress of setting up a new computer."  Customers purchasing Webroot SecureAnywhere Internet Security from Best Buy will also receive a free copy of Laplink's PCmover Express (retails for $29.99). Webroot SecureAnywhere Antivirus will also be available to Laplink customers through the installation and migration processes of select PCmover products sold through Laplink's partners, including HP, Lenovo, Dell, and Toshiba. The Webroot and Laplink product bundle will be available on Nov. 1, 2015 in Best Buy stores nationwide.  About Laplink For over 30 years, Laplink has been the leader in providing software used for PC migration, remote access, file transfer, and synchronization. The privately-held company was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Bellevue, Washington, USA. www.laplink.com. About WebrootWebroot provides Smarter Cybersecurity solutions. We provide intelligent endpoint protection and threat intelligence services to secure the Internet of Everything. By leveraging our cloud-based collective threat intelligence platform, computers, tablets, smartphones, and more are protected from malware and other cyberattacks. Our award-winning SecureAnywhereintelligent endpoint protection and BrightCloudThreat Intelligence Services protect tens of millions of consumer, business, and enterprise devices. Webroot technology is trusted and integrated into market-leading companies including Cisco, F5 Networks, HP, Microsoft, Palo Alto Networks, RSA, Aruba, and many more. Webroot is headquartered in Colorado and operates globally across North America, Europe, and the Asia Pacific region. Discover Smarter Cybersecurity solutions at www.webroot.com. Social Media: Twitter | LinkedIn | YouTube | Facebook 2015 Webroot Inc. All rights reserved. Webroot, SecureAnywhere, Webroot SecureAnywhere, BrightCloud, and Smarter Cybersecurity are trademarks or registered trademarks of Webroot Inc. in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks are properties of their respective owners. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20121016/LA94090LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/webroot-and-laplink-make-cybersecurity-and-file-transfer-easy-300166406.html SOURCE  Webroot 