2015-10-28 Just days after Yahoo displayed the best that streaming has to offer in its online feed of an NFL matchup in London, Fox stumbled mightily in its broadcastof Game 1 of the World Series Tuesday, a technical issue causing a seven-minute delay. Baseballfans reacted with a mix ofsnark and outright anger, incredulous that thegame had disappeared. The contrast comes as cord-cutting becomes an increasinglypopular choice among cable customers, and thesports-viewing experience is exceedingly hitching itselfto the digital world.Following Tuesdaynight's mishap, Foxwill have to reassure fans its broadcast is reliable, but the network is unlikely to be exceptionally concerned with the prospect of an exodus to digital viewing options. Streams, while cheaper, continually suffer from quality issuesand aren't likely to soon offer a chance to watch championship games. Still, Fox'sstumble is an embarrassing demerit on the network's recordand will likely fuel streaming supporters demanding more online sportsoptions. "I would say that one advantage up until now that cable has over internet video is reliability. My wireless router/internet speed/etc. certainly fails on me more commonly than my cable connection," Victor Matheson, a sports economist at the College of the Holy Cross inWorcester, Massachusetts, said in an email. "If cable loses that reliability advantage, that is a potential problem."   

 

Joe Torre (left), Major League Baseball's chief baseball officer, talks with umpires after the Fox television broadcast went out in Game 1 of the 2015 World Series between the Kansas City Royals and the New York Mets at Kauffman Stadium, Kansas City, Missouri, Oct. 27, 2015.
Reuters/Denny Medley/USA Today Sports


 Fox's Concerns Televisionhas a reputation forproviding a near-perfect sports-viewing experience, beaming high-definition, sharp broadcasts seamlessly to living rooms worldwide. For Fox, it needs to simply reassure fans that's the case. The network scrambled Tuesday night to resolve the issue, eventually switching to the international feed so the game could resume. In total, the outage lasted about 20 minutes;the network attributedthe problemto a "rare electronics failure" that knocked out the power of its broadcast truck. "[Fox's] focus is on quality and the predictable program," said Scott Bukstein, associate program director and professor of sport business management at the University of Central Florida, adding that some peoplemight be put off by the glitch. "Why would I spend four hours if it's not perfect?Ill watch through [monitoring] Twitter," he said some viewersmight think. "I think consumers are going to be more willing to embrace these new technologies ...especially if theyre realizing that TV is not going to have the perfect viewing experience." Yet Tuesday's matchup --a 14-inning thriller that ended in a walk-off win for the Kansas City Royals over the New York Mets --drew the highest ratings for a World Series Game 1 since 2009, according to Deadline. With great ratings, advertisers are likely happy, and their happiness is a hugeconcern for broadcasters. "This all falls under the banner of [stuff] happens," saidChris Bevilacqua, co-founder of the media advisory serviceBevilacqua Helfant Ventures and former chairman and CEO of Creative Artists Agency Sports Media Ventures. "Its a blip on the radar."  Fox Screws Up the World Series, Twitter Hilariously Rises to the Occasion https://t.co/Ha5m8Ds8H4 pic.twitter.com/M529cJw4cv 	&mdash; Esquire Magazine (@esquire) October 28, 2015  