2015-11-11 SANTA CLARA, Calif., Nov. 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --The Software-Defined Infrastructure (SDI) Summit reported registration for its first-ever conference is running well ahead of expectations. SDI Summit is the only event focused entirely on this new approach to help data centers deal with big data, cloud computing, and the storage explosion. Summit officials originally projected a final registration of 500. Based on the latest projections, initial attendance will reach 800 and could soar even higher. Popular sessions for the Summit include the Software-Defined Data Center (SDDC) plenary, the market research plenary, and SDI futures plenary. Leading product interests for registrants are cloud hardware and software, storage, SDI software, and servers. Dr. Lance Leventhal, SDI Summit Conference Chairperson, reports, "Interest in the SDI Summit is strong among vendors, intermediaries, and end users. They all believe that this new approach will significantly affect their products and operations."  SDI Summit takes place on December 1-3 at the Santa Clara Convention Center in Santa Clara, CA. Features are: -Full-day pre-conference seminars on software-defined storage, OpenStack, and Ceph plus plenaries on the Software-Defined Data Center and SDI in 2025: Where We Are and How We Got There. Seminar keynotes will feature fireside chats with leading figures from Red Hat, SAP, and SNIA/NetApp. -Keynotes from Microsoft, IBM, VMware, Red Hat, Intel, Cisco, and Nano Global (veteran ex-HP/Dell CTO Sam Greenblatt) -Plenaries on market research, implementing SDI, SDI futures, and What You Need to Know about SDI Today, plus a VC Forum with leading venture capitalists Jean Bozman, SDI Summit Program Chairperson, said, "Initial response to the SDI Summit shows solid concern in the data center community about meeting increased demand for services and handling larger and more varied workloads." About Software Defined Summit The SDI Summit is a three-day event, beginning with pre-conference educational sessions on December 1, which covers OpenStack implementations, CEPH open-source storage APIs, and data-center software for management and automation. Two "main tent" conference days follow and will provide a holistic view of the SDI market  and how SDI software and hardware technologies can be used to improve the IT flexibility and business agility of the organizations that deploy it. http://www.SDISummit.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sdi-summit-reports-registration-zooming-way-above-projections-300176851.html SOURCE  The Software-Defined Infrastructure Summit 