2015-11-05 NEW YORK, Nov. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The "Software as a Service (SaaS) Market" report provides the analysis of the global SaaS market for the period 2013  2022, where in period from 2015 to 2022 is market forecast and 2014 is considered as the base year. The report precisely covers all the major trends and technologies playing a major role in the SaaS market growth in the next few years. It also highlights various drivers, restraints and opportunities expected to influence the market growth during the period of forecast. The study provides the holistic perspective on the SaaS market growth, throughout the above forecast period in terms of revenue (in US$ Bn), across different geographies, which includes Asia Pacific (APAC), Latin America (LATAM), North America, Europe, and Middle East & Africa (MEA). The report provides in-depth analysis of the SaaS market which is the most matured cloud computing technology as against Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS). SaaS adoption is rising tremendously as the enterprises are continuously looking forward to the third-parties for managing their software applications. SaaS is acting as one of the most prominent * as-a-service cloud segments which is enabling huge opportunities for the cloud service providers to help organizations expand or build their businesses. Furthermore, the report provides an overview of strategies and the winning imperatives of the key players in the Software as a Service (SaaS) market and analyzes their behavior in the prevailing market dynamics. The report segments the global Software as a Service (SaaS) market, on the basis of type of cloud deployment through which it is delivered to the user. These cloud deployments are - public cloud, private cloud, and hybrid cloud. Furthermore, the global Software as a Service (SaaS) market is segmented by various applications such as customer relationship management (CRM), enterprise resource planning (ERP), human capital management (HCM), operations and manufacturing, supply chain management, and so on. Moreover, considering the potential user of these services, the market is further divided into various end-users across in terms of enterprise size. By various end-users, the global SaaS market is segmented into large enterprises, SMBEs/SMBs, and others, which includes BFSI, retail and public sectors. Thus, the report provides in-depth cross segment analysis for the SaaS market and classifies it into various levels, thereby providing valuable insights on macro as well as micro level. The report also provides the competitive landscape for the SaaS market, thereby positioning all the major players according to their geographic presence, market attractiveness and recent key developments. Based on this, these companies have been positioned in different quadrants as market leaders, emerging players, promising players and niche players. The whole SaaS market estimates are the result of our in-depth secondary research, primary interviews and in-house expert panel reviews. These market estimates have been analyzed by taking into account the impact of different political, social, economic, technological, and legal factors along with the current market dynamics affecting the SaaS market growth. Salesforce.com, Inc., Workday, Inc., Automatic Data Processing, Inc., Amazon Web Services, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, Fujitsu Ltd., Oracle Corporation, IBM Corporation, Google, Inc., are a few major players operating within the global Software as a Service (SaaS) market, which have been profiled in this study. Details such as financials, business strategies, recent developments, and other such strategic information pertaining to these players has been duly provided as part of company profiling. *Note: The market size estimates (values in US$ Bn) mentioned in the report may not add up to the total value due to rounding off. Below is the list of acronyms used in the report:CRM  Customer Relationship ManagementERP  Enterprise Resource PlanningHCM  Human Capital ManagementESB  Enterprise Service BusCAPEX  Capital ExpenditureOPEX  Operational ExpenditurePaaS  Platform as a ServiceIaaS  Infrastructure as a ServiceOEM  Original Equipment ManufacturersRead the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03364503-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker reviews, finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. 