2015-11-04 PORTLAND, Oregon, November 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- User provisioning and single sign-on (SSO) are expected to account for the largest market share from 2015 to 2020, followed by audit, governance, and compliance management. Cloud Identity and Access Management (IAM) consists of different solutions to be provided as a service includes access management, user provisioning, directory services, SSO, password management, and audit governance and compliance management from different vendors. Cloud IAM solutions are an approach to manage the digital identities on cloud and delivered in the form of SaaS to organizations by a service provider. It provides flexibility to organizations to centralize the access management and provisioning of user and device identities.  (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20141014/710132) For More Information Visit @ http://www.bigmarketresearch.com/cloud-iam-2020-mnm-market  [Year End Discount up to 30%*..More Details Contact onhelp@bigmarketresearch.com] The role of cloud IAM is becoming imperative in the identity and access management ecosystem. It allows the organizations to reduce costs due to loss incurring from cyber-attacks and its detection. Moreover, the global economies are compelled to adhere to the increasing number of regulations and ever-changing regulatory environment. Thus, by deploying cloud IAM, businesses can focus on their core competence effectively and manage the increasing severity and complexity of the attacks by deploying solutions according to their need and pay as per usage. The revenue pockets in BFSI, telecom and IT, healthcare, energy, and oil and gas verticals are expected to witness a significant growth and are expected to contribute the maximum revenue for cloud IAM during the forecast period. North America is expected to hold the largest market share, whereas APAC is expected to grow at the highest CAGR during the forecast period. The increasing cost due to cyber-crime detection and recovering from subsequent losses is the major factors driving the cloud IAM market. The cost effectiveness and reduced burden on IT administrators in organizations are also some of the factors paving the way for the adoption of IAMaaS. The increase in the number of SMBs in countries such as the U.K., China, Japan, South Korea, and India are other factors contributing to the growth of the cloud IAM market. Companies such IBM, Microsoft, SailPoint, Okta, CA technologies, Dell, HP, EMC, and Ping Identity are some of the active key players in the market. There are possibilities for various new players entering into the market space because of cloud IAM being in introduction phase and possibly any major existing IAM vendor may extend its product offering on cloud and it will be easy for them to build trust and have loyal customers for providing them services continuously. Thus it will help them in gaining significant market share in future. Lack of trust and inadequacy in identity assurance for cloud services and applications are some of the major factors hindering the growth of this market. Moreover, the increasing adoption of solutions among enterprises and the emerging IoT trends are expected to offer new opportunities to the market in the future. Enquiry about this report visit @ http://www.bigmarketresearch.com/report-enquiry/339873  Browse Similar Report: IoT Healthcare Market by Components (Medical Device, System and Software, Service, and Connectivity Technology), Application (Telemedicine, Workflow Management, Connected Imaging, Medication Management), End-User - Global Forecast to 2020 Digital transformation helps enterprises improve operational performance, efficiency, and business process. It involves the utilization of digital technologies, such as mobility, analytics, and social media. Currently, Internet of Things (IoT) is at the center stage of the digital transformation. Get More Details @ http://www.bigmarketresearch.com/iot-healthcare-mnm-market  World Colocation Market Opportunities and Forecasts, 2014 - 2020 Colocation facility is the administration that allows small and large organizations to set up their servers (or contract a server on rent) at the location of data center suppliers. This permits the companies to concentrate on their core business activities. The global colocation market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 12.4% during the forecast period, 2015-2020. Get More Details @ http://www.bigmarketresearch.com/colocation-market  United States Electrographic Printing Industry 2015 Deep Market Research Report  United States Electrographic Printing Industry 2015 Deep Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Electrographic Printing industry. The report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Electrographic Printing market analysis is provided for the United States markets including development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status. Get More Details @ http://www.bigmarketresearch.com/united-states-electrographic-printing-industry-2015-deep-research-report-market  About Us:  With the arsenal of different search reports, we help you here to look and buy research reports that will be helpful to you and your organization. Our research reports have the capability and authenticity to support your organization for growth and consistency. With the window of opportunity getting open and shut at a speed of light, it has become very important to survive in the market and only the fittest and competent enough can do so. So, we try and provide with latest changes in the market that can suit your needs and help you take decision accordingly. Contact Us:
Dhananjay Potle
5933 NE Win Sivers Drive,
#205, Portland, OR 97220
United States
Direct :+ 1-503-894-6022
Toll Free :+ 1-800-910-6452
Email:help@bigmarketresearch.com Web: http://www.bigmarketresearch.com  Blog: http://www.bigmarketresearch.blogspot.com  SOURCE  Big Market Research 