2015-11-05 CINCINNATI, Nov. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --National clean energy expert and corporate CEO Steve Melink also is an author with an urgent global message.  His book CEO Power & Light is now available and already on its way to becoming a business classic on transcendent leadership. The owner of Melink Corporation in Cincinnati makes the compelling case that sustainability and clean energy are natural extensions of being respectful and honest toward others. Long-term investments in these areas can help companies in all sectors increase profits, as well as improve the U.S. and global economy, security and environment. "I have one goal in writing CEO Power & Light  inspire chief executive officers to embrace sustainability for its strategic value. Pure and simple," says Melink, who earlier this year participated in a White House meeting on sustainability prior to release of President Obama's Clean Power Plan. "I believe those who do will compete more successfully and make the world a better place at the same time." Melink writes from nearly three decades of hard-earned expertise. A pioneer and leader in clean energy, Melink Corporation's clients include Apple, Google, Microsoft, Target, Walmart, Darden, McDonald's, Starbucks, Marriott, Hilton, Publix, Whole Foods, P&G, Cornell, University of California,and U.S. Army and Navy. Its headquarters is LEED Platinum certified, Net-Zero Energy and widely regarded as one of the greenest buildings in the United States.  He targets fellow CEOs, industry leaders and MBAs because they have the influence and resources to make clean energy a top priority in their firms.Cumulatively, they can empower the private sector to succeed where government has failed. The resulting clean energy revolution has the capability to transform the United States and its global neighbors. The 236-page CEO Power & Light already has earned strong reviews. Among them: "Not since Cradle to Cradle have I been so deeply educated about a renewableenergy reality," says Chuck Lohre, president of Lohre & Associates, Inc. "Steve Melink's CEO Power & Light contains insights that haven't seen the light of day, until now." "Doing well by doing good has been nothing short of transformative for our company.The world needs more transcendent leaders," says Daniel Hendrix, CEO and chairman of Interface, Inc. "Thank you to Steve for shining the light on this overlooked area of corporate leadership." And the Rev. Michael J. Graham, president of Xavier University, said: "Steve Melink, an example of truly transcendent leadership himself, tells us inCEO Power and Lightwhy such leadership is crucial to a sustainable future for humanity and for the environment. This is exactly the kind of leadership Pope Francis has recently called for in his encyclical,Laudato Si'.  CEO Power & Light is available on Amazon as well as ceopowerandlightbook.com. For more information on the book or to schedule an interview with Steve Melink, contact Luci Feie at 513.965.7300 or lfeie@melinkcorp.com ABOUT STEVE MELINK Steve Melink is founder and CEO of Melink Corporation, a pioneer and leader in energy efficiency and renewable energy solutions for the commercial building industry since 1987. He is a national expert and speaker on sustainability, green buildings, and clean energy. Steve has met several times with staff of the White House, U.S. Department of Energy and Environmental Protection Agency in Washington, D.C. He has testified before the State of Ohio legislature on numerous occasions as well. Based in Cincinnati, Melink Corporation comprises four growing businesses: Melink T&B provides heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) testing and balancing services; Intelli-Hood manufactures energy-saving controls for commercial kitchen ventilation systems; Melink Solar develops solar photovoltaic projects; and Melink Geo finances and commissions geothermal HVAC systems.  CONTACT: Luci Feie Melink Corporation Marketing and Sales 513.965.7300 lfeie@melinkcorp.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ceo-power--light-intriguing-new-executive-book-300173487.html SOURCE  Steve Melink 