2015-11-05 LONDON, Nov. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The global healthcare mobility solutions market is expected to grow at a lucrative CAGR of 25% to 30% during the forecast period (2015 to 2020). Factors such as rising adoption of mobile computers such as smartphones and tablets in healthcare systems, rising focus on patient-centric applications, better cost efficiency of mobility solutions resulting in streamlined workflow, shortage of nursing staff and doctors promoting the adoption of mobility solutions, and rapidly growing penetration of wireless networks such as 2G and 3G are expected to fuel the growth of the global healthcare mobility solutions market during the forecast period. The healthcare industry across the globe is facing challenges such as increasing costs, tighter regulatory environment, increasing error rates, declining profitability, and rising demand for quality care. Mobility addresses most of these challenges by making healthcare organizations more responsive to the market demand. Consumers, on the other hand, are showing greater preferences to mobile medical devices and healthcare applications owing of their convenience, affordability, and timely medical assistance offered at the point of need. These factors provide significant opportunities for the growth of the healthcare mobility solutions market in the coming years. The global healthcare mobility solutions market is segmented on the basis of products and services, applications, end users, and regions. Based on products and services, the market is segmented into mobile devices, mobile applications, and enterprise platforms. The mobile devices market covers mobile computers, RFID scanners, and barcode scanners. On the basis of applications, the market is classified into patient care management, operations management, and workforce management. By end user, this market is divided into payers, providers, and patients. On the basis of regions, the market is segmented into North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and the Rest of the World (Latin America and Middle East and Africa). North America accounted for a major share of the healthcare mobility solutions market, accounting for about ~55% of the global market, followed by Europe, Asia-Pacific, and the Rest of the World. Asia-Pacific and RoW possess lucrative growth potential for this market mainly due to the growing number of healthcare organizations such as hospitals, clinics, nursing homes, and other ambulatory care settings; and the rising prevalence of chronic diseases and disorders which need continuous patient monitoring. Growth in these markets is likely to be centered at India, China, South Korea, Singapore, Brazil, Argentina, and Mexico. The global healthcare mobility solutions market is highly fragmented in nature, with the top 10 companies accounting for about 37% of the global market share. Some of the prominent players in this market include Oracle Corporation (U.S.), AT&T Inc. (U.S.), Cisco Systems, Inc. (U.S.), Philips Healthcare (Netherlands), SAP SE (Germany), Zebra Technologies Corporation (U.S.), Cerner Corporation (U.S.), McKesson Corporation (U.S.), Omron Corporation (Japan), and Airstrip Technologies, Inc. (U.S.). Other players in this market are Microsoft, Inc. (U.S.), Apple, Inc. (U.S.), Qualcomm, Inc. (U.S.), IBM Corporation (U.S.), Hewlett-Packard (HP) Inc. (U.S.), and Verizon Communications, Inc. (U.S.). Reasons to Buy the Report The report will enrich both established firms as well as new entrants/smaller firms to gauge the pulse of the market, which in turn would help the firms to garner a greater market share. Firms purchasing this report could use any one or a combination of the below-mentioned five strategies (market penetration, product development/innovation, market development, market diversification, and competitive assessment) for reaping a greater market share. This report provides insights on the following pointers:- Market Penetration: Comprehensive information on product portfolios offered by the top players in the healthcare mobility solutions market. The report analyzes the healthcare mobility solutions market by products and services, application, end user, and region (covering North America, Europe, APAC, and RoW)- Product Development/Innovation: Detailed insights on the upcoming trends, research and development activities, and new product launches in the healthcare mobility solutions market- Market Development: Comprehensive information on the lucrative emerging markets for healthcare mobility solutions by products and services, application, and end user - Market Diversification: Exhaustive information of new products, growing regions, recent developments, and investments in the healthcare mobility solutions market- Competitive Assessment: In-depth assessment of market shares, growth strategies, products, manufacturing capabilities, and SWOT analyses of the leading players in the healthcare mobility solutions market Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3007898/ About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com  For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com  