2015-11-12 LONDON, November 12, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- LaunchPad, a global leader in video-led HR and recruitment technology, today announced that Anthony Tattersall has joined the team as Chief Sales Officer to accelerate growth of their account base of 200 enterprise customers.  (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151112/286680 ) Anthony initially advised the business as non-executive Director for Sales Growth, product developments andresearch but as the road-map developed Anthony's passion to become more involved has seen him join the leadership permanently to drive business fastertowards its aspiration- to be a significant global player in the sector. From a heritage in the HR Technology world, Anthony's track record of building dynamic and success-oriented SaaS sales teams is second to none. As sales director EMEA, Anthony grew revenues for Peer 1 by 280% over a two and half year period, working with major customers such as Shazam, ResearchGate, Racing Post and Waitrose. With responsibility for sales, channel and business development across Peer 1's operations in Europe, Anthony spearheaded significant organisation change and improvements in hiring, sales process, training, value based selling and go to market strategy. Prior to Peer 1, Anthony was UK Country Manager for Kronos, leading amulti-million dollar revenue stream across a wide range of industry sectors and more than 600 customers. With more than 20 years experience, Anthony has also enjoyed a range of successful sales and management roles in IBM, Sun Microsystems, Compuware and Computer Associates. "I am thrilled to be joining Launchpad with its incredible growth story. The market opportunity is huge and Launchpad has an innovative set of products that brings real value to its customers. We are helping organisations to hire better, improving the quality of their workforce while delivering a quality brand experience to their candidates. I look forward to working with Launchpad's leadership team as we continue to scale for rapid growth by focusing on customer success." 'Candidate engagement and video interviewing technologies are areas that public investors will likely get to know as these products are flush with new innovation and demand trends that could be part of the mainstream HCM suite soon.' Needham Report at the recent HR Tech Conference in Vegas. About LaunchPad: LaunchPad brings technology and expertise to your people strategy empowering you to make data driven decisions. From their UK HQ, they deliver solutions to organisations globally, including Microsoft, AXA, Telefonica and Easyjet. For more information; Kirstie Kelly Director LaunchPad +44(0)207-183-0418Kirstie@launchpadrecruits.comhttp://www.launchpadrecruits.com SOURCE  LaunchPad Recruits 