2015-11-06 PUNE, India, November 6, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- According to a new market research report,"Retail Analytics Marketby Business Function (Marketing and Customer Analytics, Merchandizing and In-Store Analytics, Supply Chain Analytics, Strategy and Planning), by Type, by Solutions and by Services - Global Forecast and Analysis to 2020", published by MarketsandMarkets, The Retail Analytics Market size is estimated to grow from USD 2.2 Billion in 2015 to USD 5.1 Billion by 2020, at an estimated Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 18.9% from 2015 to 2020. Browse 66 market data Tables and 48 Figures spread through 139 Pages and in-depth TOC on  "Retail Analytics Market" http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/retail-analytics-market-123460609.htmlEarly buyers will receive 10% customization on this report. The market report defines and segments the global Retail Analytics Market on the basis of business function, solutions, services, deployment types, and regions along with providing an in-depth analysis and market size estimations. The supply chain analytics is expected to contribute the largest market share whereas, merchandising and in-store analytics will play a key role in changing the retail analytics landscape during the forecast period. The report also covers the total Retail Analytics Market by geographic regions. Merchandising and in-store analytics solutions are expected to gain maximum traction during the forecast period The retail industry has evolved significantly in the recent years, in terms of infrastructure, utility, and technological advancements. Demand for the use of high-end technologies, such as the big data analytics has increased mainly to provide better customer experience. Furthermore, prevalent surge in in-store analytics solutions and services is driving the growth of the Retail Analytics Market. In-store analytics solutions are becoming an innate part of today's digital marketing and operational strategies as they help in analysing numerous areas of business such as marketing, operations, merchandising, fraud detection, and loss prevention. Increasing demand for customized retail analytics solutions is stimulating the growth in the emerging economies of APAC and MEA. North America is expected to have the largest market share; however MEA will grow with the highest CAGR from 2015 to 2020, closely followed by APAC. The major vendors in the Retail Analytics Market include IBM, Oracle, SAP, SAS, Microsoft, Tableau, Angoss, Information Builders, Adobe, and Qlik. Download Free Sample Pages: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/requestsample.asp?id=123460609 Key vendors in the retail analytics ecosystem were identified and studied individually, to understand the solution/ software offerings and features, business models, pricing models, and their respective customer base. This data was collated and further scrutinized based upon individual company's revenues, contributions from various regions/ countries, industries, and business segments. The scope of the report covers detailed information regarding the major factors influencing the growth of the Retail Analytics Market such as drivers, restraints, challenges and opportunities. A detailed analysis of the key industry players has been done to provide insights into their business overview, products and services, key strategies, new product launches, mergers and acquisitions, partnerships, agreements, collaborations, and recent developments associated with the Retail Analytics Market The Retail Analytics Market size is estimated to grow from USD 2.2 Billion in 2015 to USD 5.1 Billion by 2020, at an estimated Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 18.9% from 2015 to 2020. Retail analytics solutions help retailers gain useful insights that can help them in making decisions from offers to the on-to-consumers to displaying the right product at right place at the shelf. These analytical solutions collect data from several data sources, integrate it, and further present it in a structured format, which enhances the data visibility and analytical capabilities. The Retail Analytics Market is expected to gain traction in the next five years due to growth in digital data. Browse Related Reports:- CRM Analytics Market by Type (Sales Analytics, Customer Analytics, Contact Center Analytics, Marketing Analytics, Web & Social Media Analytics) - Global Forecast to 2019http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/crm-analytics-market-220539013.html Analytics as a Service Market by Solutions (Financial Analytics, Risk Analytics, Customer Analytics, Marketing Analytics, Sales Analytics, Web & Social Media Analytics, Supply Chain Analytics, Network Analytics, & Others) - Global Forecast to 2020http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/analytics-as-a-service-market-159638048.html About MarketsandMarkets MarketsandMarkets is world's No. 2 firm in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the "Growth Engagement Model - GEM". The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write "Attack, avoid and defend" strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&M's flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, "RT" connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical infographics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Contact:Mr. Rohan
MarketsandMarkets
UNIT no 802, Tower no. 7, SEZ
Magarpatta city, Hadapsar
Pune, Maharashtra -411013, India
1-888-600-6441
Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com
Visit MarketsandMarkets Blog @ http://www.marketsandmarketsblog.com/market-reports/telecom-it
Connect with us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets 
SOURCE  MarketsandMarkets
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/retail-analytics-market-worth-usd-51-billion-usd-by-2020-541861591.html	    
	   SOURCE  MarketsandMarkets 