2015-11-06 STORRS, Conn., Nov. 6, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --In honor of their 2015 NCAA Division I Women's Basketball Championship, head coach Geno Auriemma and the University of Connecticut Athletics Department will be presented with the Werner ladders used to cut down the nets in Tampa this past April. The presentation will take place during pregame ceremonies of the Huskies' game versus Vanguard University at 2 p.m. ET Sunday, November 8, 2015, at Gampel Pavilion in Storrs, Connecticut.  "As the Official Ladder of the NCAA Basketball Championships, Werner is extremely proud to be associated with this winning moment and to be able to celebrate the achievements of Coach Auriemma and the University of Connecticut women's basketball team," said Chris Filardi, Vice President of Marketing for Werner Co. "It is our hope that these ladders will help commemorate the achievements of the 2015 team both on and off the court." "The Women's Basketball Coaches Association is pleased to have Werner Ladder as a corporate teammate and grateful for its continuing support of NCAA women's basketball and our association," said WBCA Executive Director Danielle Donehew. "We are honored to be a part of this presentation of the ladders to Coach Auriemma and share this special moment for him and his team." Coach Auriemma will autograph both ladders used to cut down the nets in the 2015 championship. Both ladders, as well as, other championship memorabilia including the scissors used to cut down the nets, will be auctioned off by UConn at a later date. Details to follow.  A full selection of Werner ladders for both consumers and professionals are available at Lowe's, an Official Corporate Partner of the NCAA, and at www.Lowes.com, as well as most major home centers, professional hardware and paint retailers nationwide. About WERNERWERNER, a WernerCo brand, is the world leader in ladders and has a complete line of climbing products designed for working at heights. The portfolio includes ladders, attic ladders, scaffolding, pump jacks, stages, planks, step stools, accessories and fall protection equipment including harnesses, lanyards, anchors and compliance kits. From ladders to fall protection, WERNER provides a full line of climbing equipment that's engineered to give you maximum safety, durability and productivity at every height. All WERNER products meet or exceed applicable international safety standards. For more information, visit www.wernerco.com/us.  About the WBCAFounded in 1981, the WBCA promotes women's basketball by unifying coaches at all levels to develop a reputable identity for the sport and to foster and promote the development of the game as a sport for women and girls. For additional information about the WBCA, please visit WBCA.org. About the NCAAThe NCAA is a membership-led nonprofit association of colleges and universities committed to supporting academic and athletic opportunities for more than 460,000 student-athletes at more than 1,000 member colleges and universities. Each year, more than 54,000 student-athletes compete in NCAA championships in Divisions I, II and III sports. Visit www.ncaa.org and www.ncaa.com for more details about the Association, its goals and members and corporate partnerships that help support programs for student-athletes. The NCAA is proud to have the following elite companies as official Corporate ChampionsAT&T, Capital One and Coca-Colaand the following elite companies as official Corporate PartnersAllstate, Bing (Microsoft), Buffalo Wild Wings, Buick (General Motors), Burger King, Enterprise, Infiniti, Kindle (Amazon), LG Electronics USA, Lowe's, Nabisco (Mondelez), Northwestern Mutual, Reese's (Hershey's), Unilever and UPS. CONTACTS:  Jack Watford, WBCA Director of Communications, 770-279-8027, ext. 112Gail Dent, NCAA Public and Media Relations, 317-917-6117Marquita Kordes, Werner Co., 724-588-2000 Ext 2704; kordemr@wernerco.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/university-of-connecticuts-womens-basketball-head-coach-geno-auriemma-presented-with-werner-ladders-used-to-cut-down-the-nets-at-the-2015-ncaa-basketball-championship-300174060.html SOURCE  WERNER 