2015-11-02 Aniballi will oversee overall agency digital strategy and expansion into the U.S. market TORONTO andNEW YORK, Nov. 2, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --OnX Enterprise Solutions, a leading enterprise IT solutions provider, today announced the appointment of Michael J. Aniballi as President of Momentum Digital Solutions, a company owned by OnX. Aniballi is one of the country's leading digital technology thought leaders with more than 15 years of experience building and leading digital technology teams and operations.  In his new role, Aniballi will further establish Momentum as one of the preeminent full service digital technology partners for global brands and lead the agency's expansion in the U.S. market. He will oversee the agency's digital, social, mobile, data analytics and platform groups and design the agency's overall digital strategy in North America. "Finding a leader of Michael's caliber was a top priority for Momentum as it continues to advance its position in the digital solutions market. He will drive Momentum's business and enable it to be a more strategic and valuable partner with OnX, delivering a full range of digital solutions to clients throughout North America," said Mike Cox, CEO OnX. "Michael's leadership and digital technology experience will be an asset for Momentum's growing client base, helping companies reach their potential through technology."  Aniballi has held senior leadership roles at Rare Medium NY, and global advertising agencies JWT, Wunderman and Publicis, where he has amassed a broad skill set in all things digital with a distinct ability to blend technology and creativity in meaningful ways for clients. He has worked with numerous major brands, including The New York Times, Forbes, Microsoft, Nestle, Kraft and Walmart throughout his career, and is a frequent speaker at Western University's Ivey School of Business. "Digital isn't getting simpler, it is getting more diverse and complex and our clients tell us they want a partner who can bring creative ideas not just creative concepts. Todays digital ideas need to be able to leverage the incredible technological advances in the world, and to do this requires a partner like Momentum who understands and builds these foundations," Aniballi said. "At our core we embrace the mindset to bring pragmatic insights and innovations that create digital experiences that will have a positive impact on our client's bottom line. We are well positioned in the market to reestablish the value equation for clients that has long been missing in digital and I'm excited to be a part of OnX and to be leading Momentum." About OnX Enterprise Solutions OnX Enterprise Solutions is a leading global provider of technology services and solutions. They assess, design, build and manage complete technology infrastructure environments with specific expertise in Next-Gen Data Center, IT-as-a-Service & Hybrid Cloud, Information Management & Analytics, and End User Experience & Mobility. For more than 30 years, OnX has helped clients achieve exceptional business results that accelerate their growth and value. OnX's team of more than 600 IT professionals work at OnX offices throughout North America and in the U.K., with global headquarters in Toronto, Canada and U.S. headquarters in New York, NY. OnX is a privately held company and majority owned by Marlin Equity Partners. For more information about OnX and career opportunities, visit www.OnX.com.  About Momentum Digital Solutions Headquartered in Toronto, Ontario, Momentum Digital Solutions Inc., an OnX company, develops actionable digital strategies and experiences for enterprise clients worldwide. Embracing their technical heritage, they create digital experiences that better connect with customers and workforce, and develop programs that empower businesses to make smarter decisions regarding their digital investments. For more information, visitwww.momentum.com  Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150120/170196LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/onx-enterprise-solutions-appoints-michael-j-aniballi-president-of-momentum-digital-solutions-300169740.html SOURCE  OnX Enterprise Solutions 