2015-10-31 DADRI, India, October 31, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Shiv Nadar University (SNU), a comprehensive, multidisciplinary research university set up by the Shiv Nadar Foundation, today celebrated the University's first convocation. Raj Reddy, Moza Bint Nasser University Professor of Computer Science and Robotics in the School of Computer Science, Carnegie Mellon University and Arvind Subramanian, Chief Economic Advisor, Government of India, attended the Convocation as the Guests of Honor and addressed the gathering. The Convocation was attended by members from academia, industry bodies and government, media, along with SNU faculty, students and parents.  Dr S N Balakrishnan, Chancellor, Shiv Nadar University said, "This is a proud moment for the University as we celebrate the success of our first batch of students who are on their way to join some of the best organisations and institutions in the world. Our unique multidisciplinary curriculum and research focus complemented by four years of relentless effort and hard work of the faculty, staff and students have launched the University on its path of excellence. Our present success is only a benchmark for us to raise the bar and set higher standards of excellence in higher education in the country. Thirty one students from the Class of 2015 have been selected for higher studies by some of the world's leading universities like Cornell, Columbia, New York University, Dartmouth, Delhi School of Economics and Georgetown University. 95% of the first graduating class have been recruited by prestigious organizations like Amazon, PWC, Cognizant, Tata, L&T, Shapoorji Pallonji, Dell and Schenider, among others. A total of 295 degrees were awarded at the SNU Annual Convention to students who have successfully completed Bachelors and Masters degree- and Diploma programs in the Academic Session 2014-15. The University also handed out Medals to Toppers of first batch. SNU also awarded Honorary Doctoral Degrees to three stalwarts in their respective fields - Fakir Chand Kohli, who is hailed as the father of the Indian IT industry; Sayed Haider Raza, one of India's greatest icons of modern and contemporary art and Dr Ashoke Sen, a world-renowned theoretical physicist. Launched in 2011, SNU has grown considerably in scale and scope. The University currently has 1,800 students pursuing degrees across four schools: School of Humanities & Social Sciences, School of Natural Sciences, School of Engineering, and School of Management & Entrepreneurship. SNU has recently launched a fifth school, the School of Extended Education and Professional Development. For more information, please contact Bhaswati Chakravorti
HCL Corporation & Shiv Nadar Foundationbhaswati.chakravorty@hcl.com
+91-120-2535071 
SOURCE  Shiv Nadar University (SNU)
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/shiv-nadar-university-celebrates-its-first-convocation-539113861.html	    
	   SOURCE  Shiv Nadar University (SNU) 