2015-10-26 LOS ANGELES, Oct. 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- 2015 marks a historic 50-year milestone for music legend Roy Orbison. On July 1, 1965, "The Big O" left Monument Records and signed with MGM Records, going on to release 11 studio albums, a film soundtrack and 27 singles over the course of the following eight years, and at the same time scoring another 11 worldwide Top 40 hits. In recognition of this golden anniversary of Orbison's signing of one of the most lucrative and groundbreaking record deals of the era, Universal Music Enterprises (UMe) has teamed up with Roy's Boys, LLC, the Nashville-based company founded by the late icon's sons to administer their father's catalog and safeguard his legacy. Together, they are releasing two landmark Roy Orbison packages globally on December 4, each available in CD, 180-gram vinyl and digital form: The first 500 physicalThe MGM Yearsbox sets (either CD or LP) pre-ordered through The Official Roy Orbison Store (http://store.royorbison.com/) will be bundled with a copy of the unreleasedOne of the Lonely Onesalbumin the same format and for the same price as the box set alone on release. All those who take advantage of this limited time offer will also be promptly emailed a download code to instantly download theOne of the Lonely Onestitle track. Both the unreleasedOne of the Lonely Onesalbum andThe MGM Yearsbox set are also available for pre-order globally at all major physical and digital stores including, of course, Amazon and iTunes. On July 1, 1965, Roy Orbison found himself at a career pinnacle, at the top of the music world. The previous year, his single "Oh, Pretty Woman" had been a global smash, going to Number One in the U.S., UK, Canada and Australia. On the business side, Orbison had to choose between staying with his friend and producer Fred Foster at Monument Records or moving to MGM for a deal that Foster could not match. Foster didn't have a film company and of course MGM had a full motion picture arm and promised Roy a starring film role. In the end that proved to be the deciding factor and Roy chose MGM and its so-called "Million Dollar Deal" - an astounding amount for the time. At the time, Roy was one of the only American artists to displace "British Invasion" bands including The Beatles at the top of the charts. Fresh MGM deal in hand, Roy went into the studio in July 1965 without missing a beat. "Ride Away" was the first single for his new label MGM, which promptly went Number One in Canada. His first MGM album,There is Only One Roy Orbison, which included the single "Ride Away," went Top 10 in the UK and charted strongly worldwide. This was just the beginning. Roy would record and release an additional ten studio albums at MGM plus a soundtrack album for the only film in which Roy starred. This was Roy at the height of his career, yet the Roy that most fans know the least. The MGM Yearsbox set finally puts all of these fabulous records in one place. These include the 11 original studio albums, the much sought after soundtrack toThe Fastest Guitar Aliveand a newly created compilation album calledMGM B-Sides & Singlesthat contains all 12 MGM era singles and B-sides that otherwise weren't included in any album; in all, 152 glorious Roy Orbison tracks. Each song was additionally re-EQ'd and balanced by Roy's son Alex and GRAMMY-winning engineer Chuck Turner to bring the masters back to their original warm vinyl sound. All this amazing material has been generally out of circulation for decades! Each original album comes with fully restored artwork and each album has been fastidiously remastered by GRAMMY-winning engineer Richard Dodd. The box set includes a beautifully bound booklet with extensive liner notes written by Alex Orbison, Roy's youngest son, and never before seen photos. Recorded between January and August of 1969,One of the Lonely Onesis a great, newly discovered, Roy Orbison studio album. Kicking it off is a sensational version of "You'll Never Walk Alone," the Rodgers and Hammerstein classic that charted for Britain's Gerry & the Pacemakers in 1965. The Roy penned, guitar-heavy, "Child Woman, Woman Child" can be considered the musical younger sister of "Oh, Pretty Woman." And ten other NEVER BEFORE HEARD Roy tracks  what more can one say? A lost treasure found! One of the Lonely Oneswas transferred from the original tape at the famed Blackbird Studio in Nashville, TN and the tracks were individually mixed by Chuck Turner (whose credits include Johnny Cash, Dolly Parton, Alison Krauss and Marty Stuart) at the Cash Cabin under Alex Orbison's supervision. Finally, the restored-to-stereo tracks were put in the capable hands of Richard Dodd for mastering. Pre-order linksAmazon.com:The MGM Years (13 CD box set): http://smarturl.it/BoxSetCDThe MGM Years (14 LP vinyl box set): http://smarturl.it/BoxSetLPOne Of The Lonely Ones (CD): http://smarturl.it/LonelyOnesCDOne Of The Lonely Ones (vinyl LP): http://smarturl.it/LonelyOnesLP Roy Orbison The MGM Years[14 LP vinyl box set; 13 CD box set](all 152 tracks also available digitally) 1)There Is Only One Roy Orbison(1965)2)The Orbison Way(1966)3)The Classic Roy Orbison(1966)4)Roy Orbison Sings Don Gibson(1967)5)The Fastest Guitar Alive(Soundtrack) (1967)6)Cry Softly Lonely One(1967)7)Roy Orbison's Many Moods(1969)8)Hank Williams the Roy Orbison Way(1970)9)The Big O(1970)10)Roy Orbison Sings(1972)11)Memphis(1972)12)Milestones(1973)13)MGM B-Sides And Singles(2015) (2 discs in vinyl box set, 1 disc in CD box set) Roy Orbison -One of the Lonely Ones[vinyl LP; CD; digital album](recorded 1/21/69  8/2/69,all tracks previously unreleased) 1) You'll Never Walk Alone2) Say No More3) Leaving Makes the Rain Come Down4) Laurie5) Sweet Memories6) One of the Lonely Ones7) Child Woman, Woman Child8) The Defector9) Give Up10) Little Girl (In the Big City)11) After Tonight12) I Will Always store.RoyOrbison.comRoyOrbison.com/MGMYears facebook.com/RoyOrbisontwitter.com/RoyOrbisoninstagram.com/officialroyorbison Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151023/280205Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150324/184009LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/roy-orbisons-historic-mgm-catalog-chronicled-in-december-4-release-of-the-mgm-years-box-set--one-of-the-lonely-ones-his-lost-album-from-1969-commemorating-50th-anniversary-of-groundbreaking-mgm-signing-300165725.html SOURCE  Roys Boys, LLC/UMe 