2015-11-05 SAN FRANCISCO andLOS ANGELES, Nov. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Today, TinyCo and Marvel Entertainment announced that Super Hero school is officially in session with MARVEL Avengers Academy, an all-new adventure / simulation game. Currently in development for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and Android devices, MARVEL Avengers Academy will allow players to build their dream Super Hero school and guide the paths of the world-famous characters as complex young adults grappling with newly emerging powers and social lives. In MARVEL Avengers Academy players will unlock the young versions of their favorite Avengers characters through exploration, and will upgrade and develop their superpowers and play through original narrative-driven stories written in partnership between TinyCo and Marvel Entertainment. To further customize the experience, each iconic character can be suited with unique abilities and exclusive outfits. MARVEL Avengers Academy marks the first time in videogame history that the beloved cast of the Avengers has been re-envisioned as student versions of themselves. In MARVEL Avengers Academy,players will have the freedom to build and expand their own version of a prestigious Super Hero campus, creating the ultimate environment for aspiring young Avengers to hone their skills by building and upgrading training facilities, dorms, laboratories, classrooms, sports stadiums and much more. Players will experience dramatic campus life by going on dates, confronting rival cliques and navigating the social ups and downs of their character's lives, all with a special Super Hero twist. Up-and-coming Super Heroes and Super Villains will learn what it takes to reach their greatest potential. They'll engage in sporting activities and training sessions to build and strengthen their superpowers, which they'll take out into the world as youthful Avengers, uncovering exciting original storylines and battling against epic Super Foes.  "Marvel's Avengers is an amazing franchise with near endless possibilities," stated Andrew N. Green, Head of Business Operations at TinyCo. "We are excited to work closely with the team at Marvel Games on MARVEL Avengers Academy to offer a truly unique experience that will allow a broad range of players to interact with the iconic characters and universe in ways never before seen in gaming!" "Whether its visiting Stark Tower or going on a date with Loki, players will soon be debating what's the coolest experience of MARVEL Avengers Academy, but for this lifelong fan, it's seeing world-famous Super Heroes like Captain America, Black Widow and Iron Man reimagined into charmingly fresh but instantly recognizable young adult forms," said Bill Rosemann, Marvel Games Creative Director. "And here's the extra twist: There's a mystery for you to uncovera shocking truth that lies beneath the very campus you're exploring. You see, these are the real deal Earth's Mightiest Heroes (and Villains), complete with their distinct personalities, powers and personal struggles that we've all grown to know and love. What has transformed them into students, and what chain of events have assembled them at the ultimate superhuman university? Class is in sessiondo you have what it takes to become an Avenger?" Rosemann, a 20-year veteran of the Super Hero industry, is sharing his extensive knowledge of the Marvel Universe to help bring the ever-expanding cast of MARVEL Avengers Academy to life. TinyCo has also enlisted the help of their own top tier talent, including comic book and animation writer Allen Warner and David Nakayama, artist of numerous comic book covers for Marvel.  MARVEL Avengers Academy is developed by TinyCo and will release in Q1 2016 as a free-to-download game with in-app purchases for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and for Android devices.  For more information on TinyCo, please visit: http://www.tinyco.com. Visit MARVEL Avengers Academy at AvengersAcademy.com, Facebook.com/AvengersAcademy or follow them @AvengersAcademy on Twitter. About TinyCo Founded in 2009, TinyCo has developed more than a dozen successful games for the App Store, Google Play Store and Amazon App store with titles such as FAMILY GUY: The Quest for Stuff and Tiny Monsters. The company's mission is to make people happy five minutes at a time through incredible, fun and original mobile entertainment. The company's investors include Andreessen Horowitz, Pinnacle Ventures and angel investors including Ron Conway and Keith Rabois. For more information about TinyCo, please visit http://www.tinyco.com. To view the new MARVEL Avengers Academy announcement teaser trailer via YouTube, visit: https://youtu.be/CY3VBKryE0I About Marvel Entertainment Marvel Entertainment, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company, is one of the world's most prominent character-based entertainment companies, built on a proven library of more than 8,000 characters featured in a variety of media over seventy-five years. Marvel utilizes its character franchises in entertainment, licensing and publishing. For more information visit marvel.com.  2015 MARVEL Media Contact:Kjell Vistad | Tom PriceONE PR Studio [for TinyCo] tinyco@oneprstudio.com 510-893-3271 Video - http://origin-qps.onstreammedia.com/origin/multivu_archive/PRNA/ENR/284156-AVENGERS_ACADEMY_TEASER_TRAILER.mp4 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151104/284152LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/build-the-ultimate-super-hero-school-and-experience-the-avengers-as-youve-never-seen-them-before-in-marvel-avengers-academy-300172991.html SOURCE  TinyCo 