2015-10-16 DUBLIN, Oct. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --  Research and Markets (http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/wm66ff/asiapacific_b2c) has announced the addition of the "Asia-Pacific B2C E-Commerce Market 2015" report to their offering. This publication highlights the significant growth witnessed by the Asia-Pacific B2C E-Commerce market in the past years and reports on the differences and similarities between the countries.  Asia-Pacific is the global leader in B2C E-Commerce's share of total retail sales, ahead of regions such as Western Europe and North America. Asia-Pacific is home to three of the top seven countries with the largest B2C E-Commerce sales worldwide. The largest of them, China, vies with the USA for global leadership as the biggest B2C E-Commerce market. In the next five years, the Asia-Pacific region is projected to account for a still more significant part of the global B2C E-Commerce market, with this growth attributed primarily to emerging markets, such as China and India, while the global share of advanced markets including Japan and South Korea is predicted to decline.  The report further stresses that while countries such as Japan, New Zealand and Australia were ahead of others in Asia-Pacific in terms of Internet penetration, China, India and Thailand demonstrated significantly higher mobile shopper penetration rates than these advanced markets. Other important market trends are cross-border online shopping, led by Australia, and social commerce, especially pronounced in some Southeast Asian markets, such as Indonesia.  Overall, B2C E-Commerce sales in Asia-Pacific are projected to increase at moderate double-digit rates through 2019, with India and countries in Southeast Asia especially standing out in terms of forecasted growth rates, as the report explains. Investors have acknowledged this growth trend by funding various E-Commerce merchants in the Asia-Pacific region. In 2014, Indian companies, including Flipkart and Snapdeal, and Chinese platforms like Meituan and Dianping accounted for nine out of the top ten E-Commerce investment deals in the region. Alibaba Group and JD.com, both based in China, remain the leading E-Commerce companies in Asia, while international players such as Amazon, Wal-Mart and eBay also maintain significant presence.  Key Questions Answered:  - What is the size of the Asia-Pacific B2C E-Commerce market in terms of sales? - Which countries stand out in terms of growth and other relevant metrics? - What are the main characteristics of the region's major advanced and emerging online markets? - Who are the main international and local players in online retail in Asia-Pacific? - Which B2C E-Commerce trends are prominent in this region?  Key Topics Covered:  1. Management Summary  2. Regional  3. Advanced Markets  4. Emerging Markets  Companies Mentioned - 30 of the 149 Companies Featured - 11street.my - 123Mua.vn - 5giay.vn - 701Search - Air New Zealand - Alibaba Group - aliexpress - Amazon - Askmebazaar.com - Aucfan.com - BankBazaar - Berniaga - Big C Supercenter - BigBasket - Bunnings Warehouse - CP Fresh Mart - Caratlane.com - Cashcashpinoy.com - Cdiscount - Chilindo.com - Chotot.vn - Coupang.com - Craiglist.com.sg - Cungmua.com - DMM Online Shopping - Dangdang.com - Deal.com.sg - Delhivery - Dianping - eBay For more information visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/wm66ff/asiapacific_b2c  Media Contact: Laura Wood , +353-1-481-1716, press@researchandmarkets.net To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/asia-pacific-b2c-e-commerce-market-2015---asia-pacific-to-grab-a-larger-share-of-global-b2c-e-commerce-300161140.html SOURCE  Research and Markets 