2015-11-02 NEW YORK, Nov. 2, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Today, Time Inc.'s This Old House named Seek Thermal's Seek Compact thermal imager to its fifth annual "This Old House Top 100," a list of the 100 best new home products of the year. Each year, the editors spend months scouting, testing, and culling countless new products for the home to identify the most distinctive, useful, and innovative in seven categories: Kitchen, Bath, Tools, Home Tech, Building Products, Outdoor Living, and Finishing Touches.  "Home companies release thousands of new products every year, and our job is to highlight the ones with staying power--those that are in some way brilliant and will make our readers' lives better," says Editor Scott Omelianuk.  Seek Compact, a smartphone-connected camera for both iOS and Android devices, allows homeowners and contractors to harness the full potential of thermal imaging for the simple, safe and swift detection of unseen problems around the house. With the ability to see heat, it's possible to expose energy inefficiencies, water damage, clogs in pipes, HVAC problems, electrical issues, and beyond. It works with a free app that makes it easy for people to get started with thermal imaging, while also including a range of controls substantial enough for people who use the camera for serious work. It's available for $249 at thermal.com, amazon.com, Lowe's, and The Home Depot in select stores. "With the Seek Compact thermal camera, we paved the way for the consumer market by delivering military-proven technology in an affordable, portable and versatile device,"says Mike Muench, Chief Executive Officer of Seek Thermal. "Some of the most cited uses have been around home improvement and construction applications, so it's an honor to be recognized by This Old House, the expert in home improvement and renovation."  A full list of the honorees featured in the November/December issue can be found at thisoldhouse.com/top100. About Seek ThermalSeek Thermal engineers, designs and manufacturers high quality thermal imaging products and core platforms for consumer, commercial, and heat sensing IoT data applications. With headquarters in Santa Barbara, California, the global hub of thermal imaging innovation, the company has developed breakthrough camera cores that will enable a range of affordable products for use at home, work and play. For more information visit thermal.com and follow #seekthermal on Instagram and @seekthermal on Twitter. About This Old HouseThis Old House Ventures Inc. is America's premier home-enthusiast brand, netting 50 million multimedia impressions each month through its award-winning television, print, and Web properties. The leading consumer publication for home how-to and inspiration, the award-winning This Old House magazine has a circulation of 950,000 and reaches an audience of nearly 6.5 million print readers. This Old House is available in digital format for tablets and is published by Time Inc., the largest magazine media company in the U.S.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/this-old-house-names-the-seek-thermal-compact-camera-to-list-of-the-100-best-new-home-products-of-2015-300170120.html SOURCE  Seek Thermal 