2015-10-22 LOS ANGELES, Oct. 22, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment and Endemol Shine North America have teamed up to bring the second season of hit DIRECTV series "Kingdom" to Digital HD.  Experience the interactive Multimedia News Release here: http://www.multivu.com/players/English/7659151-kingdom-season-2-digital-release/   "Kingdom," which airs every Wednesday (20 episodes) at 9 p.m. on AUDIENCE Network on both DIRECTV and U-Verse, will now be available on all digital platforms the day after its initial broadcast. Digital HD platforms include iTunes, Amazon Instant Video, GooglePlay, Vudu, Verizon FiOS, Comcast Xfinity, Xbox Video and PlayStation Video.  Earlier this summer, Twentieth Century Fox and Endemol Shine North America announced that the first season of "Kingdom" was available for the first time on all Digital HD platforms. "Kingdom" is produced by Endemol Shine Studios, the scripted division of Endemol Shine North America. "Kingdom" stars Frank Grillo (Captain America, The Purge) as Alvey Kulina; Kiele Sanchez (The Purge, The Glades) as Lisa Prince; Matt Lauria (Friday Night Lights) as Ryan Wheeler; Jonathan Tucker (Parenthood, Justified) as Jay Kulina; Nick Jonas as Nate Kulina and Joanna Going (House of Cards, Mad Men) as Christina Kulina. New season two cast addition Natalie Martinez (Secrets and Lies) plays Alicia Mendez, an impulsive, talented female fighter who is being courted by Lisa to train at the Venice, CA-based Navy St. MMA gym. Mark Consuelos (All My Children) and Jessica Szohr (Gossip Girl) guest star.  The Season One finale of "Kingdom" opened on the night of Ryan's championship fight, his first time back in the cage since he was released from prison. Jay fought on the undercard and demolished his opponent, signaling to the entire MMA world that he is a force to be reckoned with. Ryan's thrilling victory in the main event made him a champion once again. But it was Alvey who paid the price for all this professional success when Lisa told him she's moving out. While everyone else was celebrating, Nate, still unable to fight, struggled with his life to the draw of heroin once again.  Season Two begins with Ryan "The Destroyer" Wheeler defending his title and Jay finding a new obsession. Alvey's (Frank Grillo) improved fortune has led to a bigger gym, but also a bigger appetite for risk. Lisa (Kiele Sanchez), the beautiful and fierce second-in-command at Navy St. MMA, focuses on managing Alicia (Natalie Martinez), an impulsive but skilled female fighter. Nate's determination to get back in the cage causes rifts with his family and complicates his self-identity. Christina gets a taste of sober life while continuing to carry the burden of her sons' struggles towards victorywith victory comes agony and a price.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/season-two-of-endemol-shine-studios-and-directvs-original-series-kingdom-now-available-on-digital-hd-day-after-broadcast-300164520.html SOURCE  20th Century Fox Home Entertainment; Endemol Shine North America 