2015-10-16 SAN DIEGO, Oct. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ --The Sanford Institute of Philanthropy at National University announces the launch of a new textbook aimed at helping nonprofit organizations maximize their fundraising potential through the application of proven business and sales principles. The book - Cause Selling The Sanford Way - is based on the vision of philanthropist T. Denny Sanford and serves as the foundation of a series of educational programs developed by the University, which is the second-largest private nonprofit university in California.  Mr. Sanford is widely considered one of the most generous donors in the country, and his experience interacting with hundreds of fundraisers has given him valuable insight into successful donor relations. The book was written by Dr. David J. Lill, an educator, professional salesperson and author of the widely acclaimed textbook Selling: The Profession, and his daughter Jennifer, an accomplished author and professional salesperson, is co-author. Cause Selling The Sanford Way is now available on Amazon.com. "Through his own personal experiences as a generous and strategic donor, Mr. Sanford brings a remarkable perspective toward donor relationships and nonprofit leadership," said Dr. Michael R. Cunningham, Chancellor of the National University System and President of National University. "Thanks to Mr. Sanford's vision, we believe the lessons and strategies outlined in this book and the Institute's education programs will provide clear, tangible benefits to the nonprofit community and elevate the art of fundraising and nonprofit leadership." With public charities generating more than $1.6 trillion in total revenues, charitable giving makes a huge impact on America, and the mission of the Institute is to help these groups do even more for the communities and people they serve. Based on Mr. Sanford's vision, the Cause Sales approach detailed in the book emphasize skills that can help fundraisers and nonprofit leaders attract more donors and donations. The approach, detailed further through programs offered by the Sanford Institute of Philanthropy at National University, incorporates communication skills, psychology, interaction and relationship building techniques, as well as research, strategy and data analysis. "I founded the Sanford Institute of Philanthropy to focus not on teaching nonprofit management, leadership and administration, for which several good programs already exist, but to help train people who ask philanthropists for money to do a better job of it and therefore enable nonprofit organizations to operate more effectively and sustainably," said Mr. Sanford.  About the Sanford Institute of Philanthropy at National University The Sanford Institute of Philanthropy is dedicated to increasing the positive impact of nonprofits and cause organizations. The Institute offers a unique Cause Sales approach to fundraising, based on proven sales and business principles as applied to collaborative donor relationship building. This approach is integrated throughout the Institute's offerings, which includes seminars, certificates and a master's degree program developed by the University's School of Business and Management and Division of Extended Learning. The Institute also collaborates with external organizations and education institutions to offer access to its unique curriculum. The Institute was established at National University in 2014 through a generous gift by renowned philanthropist and businessman T. Denny Sanford. For more information: http://sanfordeducationcenter.org/instituteofphilanthropy.cfm About National UniversityFounded in 1971, National University is the second-largest private, nonprofit institution of higher education in California. With 30,000 students and more than 140,000 alumni, National University is the flagship institution of the National University System. National University is headquartered in La Jolla, California. To learn more, visit www.nu.edu  Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151015/277571 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/one-of-the-countrys-most-generous-philanthropists-t-denny-sanford-empowers-nonprofits-through-new-book-300161104.html SOURCE  National University 