2015-11-06 PUNE, India, November 6, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The major trends seen in the global hybrid PC market are expected to have a positive impact on the market during the forecast period. One of the major trends is investment in the cloud. Firms like Lenovo, HP, Acer, and ASUS have realized that the future is in the cloud. In addition, many startups, whether IT or non-IT startups, which do not want to invest in infrastructure, are looking to cloud infrastructure. Therefore, laptop providers are developing their own cloud infrastructure for better transition and sharing of data and media. The innovation in products, cost optimization and heavy investment in hybrid devices are also observed as the latest trends of the market. Complete report on hybrid PC market spread across 47 pages, analyzing 4 major companies and supported with 21 data exhibits is now available at http://www.sandlerresearch.org/global-hybrid-pc-market-2015-2019.html. The analysts forecast global hybrid PC market to grow at a CAGR of 21.5% in terms of revenue over the period 2014-2019. The market size is calculated based on estimates revenue generated from the shipments of hybrid PCs to end-users. Based on the screen size, a hybrid PC is classified into three: 10-12 inches, 12-14 inches, and above 14 inches. The key players profiled in for global hybrid pc market are Asus, HP, Lenovo and Sony and the other prominent vendors in the market are Acer, Dell, Samsung and Toshiba. According to the report, the growth of the global hybrid PC market is driven by several factors. One of the major drivers is the growing IT market; IT has always been a driving force for computing devices because they are important assets for the IT market. In addition, the global IT market has been generating 7% of its revenue from electronic devices like PCs and laptops. The hybrid PC is a new innovation in the computing device market that has an advantage of being a 2-in-1 device that is both a tablet and a laptop, which is proving a valuable product for this industry. Other trends like decline in ASP of hybrid PCs; more compatible and supportive OS for hybrid PCs are also observed. Order a copy of the research at http://www.sandlerresearch.org/purchase?rname=46040. Further, the Global Hybrid PC Market 2015 - 2019 report states that the major concern for firms is environmental issues. With e-waste already on the rise, a big challenge is where to dispose of it. Many firms have been forced to move their plants from the country because of hazards and the harmful effect on the environment. While the high cost of hybrid PCs and fundamental size and weight are also contributing to market challenges. Explore more reports on information technology market at http://www.sandlerresearch.org/market-research/information-technology. Another report categorized under information technology market is Global Hybrid Cloud Market 2015-2019. The analysts forecast global hybrid cloud market to grow at a CAGR of 29.22% over the period 2014-2019. To calculate the market size, it considers the revenue generated from Software licenses and subscriptions cost and Software implementation and maintenance cost. The key players in the global hybrid cloud market are Amazon Web Services, Microsoft, Rackspace and VMware. The other prominent Vendors in the market are: Atlantic.Net, BLACKIRON Data, Cisco Systems, DataDirect Networks, Dell, EMC, Equinix, HP, IBM, Oracle, RightScale and Verizon Terremark. Access the complete report at http://www.sandlerresearch.org/global-hybrid-cloud-market-2015-2019.html. About Us: SandlerResearch.org offers in-depth studies and research reports on a range of micro markets. Not limited to any one industry, SandlerResearch.org offers research studies on agriculture, energy and power, chemicals, environment, pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, water, advanced materials and much more. Contact:
Ritesh Tiwari
UNIT no 802, Tower no. 7, SEZ
Magarpatta city, Hadapsar
Pune - 411013
Maharashtra, India.
+ 1 888 391 5441sales@sandlerresearch.org Connect With Us on: Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sandler-Research/524957830948790 Twitter: https://twitter.com/SandlerResearch G+ / Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/+SandlerresearchOrg/posts RSS/Feeds: http://www.sandlerresearch.org/feed/rss 
SOURCE  Sandler Research
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hybrid-pc-market-revenue-to-grow-at-215-cagr-to-2019-and-cloud-computing-investment-is-trending-in-market-541650421.html	    
	   SOURCE  Sandler Research 