2015-10-29 SANTA CLARITA, Calif., Oct. 29, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Princess Cruises' guests sailing aboard the Feb. 8, 2016 Royal Princess Valentine's Day cruise will certainly rekindle romance with featured guests and bestselling authors Sylvia Day and Meredith Wild.  Day is a #1 New York Times, #1 USA Today and #1 international bestselling author. With tens of millions of copies of her books in print, she is a #1 bestseller in 28 countries. Her Crossfire series has been optioned for television by Lionsgate. Wild, also a #1 New York Times, USA Today and international bestselling romance author, is known for her Hacker series.  As part of Princess' recently announced collaboration with Amazon's online romance book community, Kindle Love Stories, Day and Wild will be the guests of honor aboard Royal Princess, departing Ft. Lauderdale on February 8, 2016 for a seven-night Eastern Caribbean cruise to celebrate Valentine's Day.  Onboard activities with the authors include: Fares start at $649 per person, based on double occupancy.  Coming soon, Princess is offering one lucky guest the chance to win a free cruise for two on this sailing with balcony accommodations and a private Chef's Table dining experience with both authors.  "Many of our guests use their days at sea to read and escape from their everyday life by way of an intriguing romance novel," said Adrian Fischer, Princess Cruises vice president, entertainment experience. "Bringing romance authors Sylvia Day and Meredith Wild aboard to share their inspiration with guests is an added bonus."  Recently announced, the cruise line teamed up with Kindle Love Stories to offer guests three free, original stories to enjoy during their cruise vacations and special sailings with bestselling romance authors. Princess guests and Kindle users, including those using a Kindle app on any device, can easily download the free stories at www.amazon.com/allamour.  "I love spending time with my readers, and Princess Cruises has created a wonderful opportunity for me to do so. I can't wait to set sail," said Day.  "I can't think of a better way to spend Valentine's Day than celebrating with other lovers of romance novels on a cruise vacation," Wild added. "We make it our mission at Kindle Love Stories to connect great authors with their readers," said Laura Hoffman, head of Kindle Love Stories. "By collaborating with Princess, we've taken that mission one step further by mixing in some Caribbean sun, the romance of Valentine's Day, and these bestselling authors."  For more information about Kindle Love Stories, visit www.KindleLoveStories.com.  For more information about this special cruise with Day and Wild and Kindle Love Stories, visit www.princess.com/specialevents.  The newly relaunched Princess Book Club, offers avid readers the opportunity to connect with fellow cruisers over a good read while on board their cruise vacation.  Additional information about Princess Cruises is available through a professional travel consultant, by calling 1-800-PRINCESS (1-800-774-6237), or by visiting the company's website at princess.com. About Princess Cruises:One of the best-known names in cruising, Princess Cruises is a global cruise line and tour company operating a fleet of 18 modern cruise ships renowned for their innovative design and wide array of choices in dining, entertainment and amenities, all provided with the experience of exceptional customer service. A recognized leader in worldwide cruising, Princess carries 1.7 million guests each year to more than 360 destinations around the globe on more than 150 itinerariesranging in length from three to 111 days. The company is part of Carnival Corporation & plc (NYSE:CCL) (LSE:CCL) (NYSE:CUK). Newsroom: Additional media information is available at princess.com/news Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151029/281978   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/princess-cruises-to-host-1-bestselling-romance-authors-sylvia-day-and-meredith-wild-on-valentines-day-cruise-300169022.html SOURCE  Princess Cruises 