2015-10-20 A prominent cable news channel is ditching the cord for its latest initiative and taking a deep dive into mobile and social.CNN, owned by Turner Broadcasting System Inc., has launched a series called Great Big Story that will not air on televisionand instead be distributed first via CNNs desktop site and mobile apps and also shared exclusively on Facebook, for now. And its all in the name of unbridled positivity.Great Big Story seeks out awesome, untold and inspirational stories about new frontiers, the human condition, planet earth, tastes and flavors, a press release about the launch reads. So enough with the cat videos and shouty lists. Its time to feed your feed with great big stories. The initiative, described in the release as not a news network but rather a socially distributed video network that covers real stories, launches Tuesday. Great Big Story starts by sharing three to five videos each day. The team is a part of Facebooks Suggested Videos program, whichallows for full-screen videos, targeted to the Facebook user, and also has auto-play ads interspersed. That means CNN could pull from thead split that isreportedly 55 percent to the publisher. From the cosmos to cosplay, pizza to our very planet itself - it&#39;s time to feed your feed. https://t.co/LWHj9jB4h1 pic.twitter.com/ETu7wBI6um 	&mdash; Great Big Story (@greatbigstory) October 20, 2015 The videos are not set at a particular time length, unlike the traditional television spot. The first videos shared Tuesday include a three-minute video titled We Found Lisa Frank!,"a two-minute video titled The Untold Story of the Kool-Aid Man and a one-minute video titled Perfect Is Hard, Featuring Misty Copeland. Despite the 1990s flair -- akin to some throwback quizzes or listicals you might find on BuzzFeed -- Great Big Story (GBS) is not necessarily targeted at millennials, the network says. We want everyone to share great big stories, the press release reads. But were pretty darn sure these millennials of whom you speak are hungry for more than whats out there these days.  

 

A three-minute video on the Lisa Frank brand is among the first projects for Great Big Story.
CNN


 CNN has fallen short in capturing prime-time viewers, compared to Fox News, but it has been on the rise with the help of the presidential election.The network averaged 576,000 viewers during prime time for the secondquarter, which was a 20 percent increase yearoveryear, but Fox dominated at 1.64 million viewers, Politico reported. CNN was the only network that had double-digit growth. Content from GBS will be brand sponsored. Some already-named partners include Kind Snacks and Hewlett Packard Enterprise, according to the release. Great Big Story is attractive to a brand like Kind because the content that is produced has heart and comes from a place of thoughtfulness," Joshua Nafman, senior director of brand and digital marketing at Kind Snacks, told Advertising Age. Ignition sequence commencing http://t.co/BTJCfj88Jy. pic.twitter.com/dccjvz86Hf 	&mdash; Great Big Story (@greatbigstory) October 13, 2015 As a digital and mobile-first initiative, GBS also is targeting viewers thatCNN may not traditionally hit with cable. And by relying on Facebook sharing, GBS is able to target content based on user demographics and interests. The content also willbe shared on YouTube, Apple News, connected TVs and advertisers shiny object Snapchat in the near future. CNN has been a part of the coveted real estate of Snapchats media network called Discover since it launched in January. While former launch partners Yahoo and Warner Music Group have been replaced by more millennial brands BuzzFeed and iHeartMedia, CNNs channel has remained and will feature GBS content starting in November. And GBS has remained partially separated from CNN. Think of CNN like a sugar daddy we see on the weekends. Were a startup with a head start. We have our own leadership team and office. Were an independent LLC and we make our own decisions about what stories to tell and how to tell them, the release reads. GBS is currently supported by a team of 30, including some players poached fromother digital networks. Courtney Coupe of ABC andBloombergis the executive producer, Ben Whitla of Yahoo is the creative director, Matthew Drake of Time and NowThisoversees content development, Rob Sands of Amazon heads partnerships, and David Spiegel of BuzzFeed leads sales. 