2015-11-09 SAN MATEO, Calif., Nov. 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Cloudian, Inc., the leader in software-defined smart data storage, has tested and qualified the Intel Xeon Processor D-1500 Product Family for use with Cloudian HyperStore scale out storage software. Cloudian partnered with Quanta Computer Technology (QCT) to lab test the newest version of the Intel Xeon processor at scale as part of QCT's hardware research and development processes. Those tests confirm that Cloudian HyperStore on Intel's newest SoC provides a highly dense, extremely efficient scale-out storage infrastructure, unlocking new levels of power consumption and cost savings to enable next-generation data centers. Key Highlights:  "As enterprises collect and consume more data, storage solutions must anticipate the often-competing demands of scalability, energy efficiency and space utilization in the data center," said Michael Tso, CEO and co-founder of Cloudian. "This is why we're pleased to have qualified the Intel Xeon Processor D-1500 Product Family for Cloudian HyperStore 5.2 software. Our software-defined smart data storage means enterprises can take advantage of the latest Intel technology and keep pace with the demands of their business with a massively scalable, industry-standard approach." "The Intel Xeon Processor D-1500 Product Family is the first SoC based on Intel Xeon processor technology and is well suited for the demands of emerging storage workloads that are optimized for density and power efficiency," said Andrea Nelson, director, Storage Group Marketing at Intel. "The integrated SoC dramatically lowers energy consumption, boosts compute power to the network edge and drives down operational costs for large-scale storage implementations. The efficiencies gained with the Intel Xeon Processor D-1500 Product Family and software-defined storage solutions like Cloudian provide flexible, optimized storage for the data center edge." "With Intel Xeon D, we are able to drive greater efficiencies from our catalog of storage services due to the reduced power requirements and improved platform footprint," said Chris Orlando, co-founder and CSMO of ScaleMatrix."Our customers need resilient, reliable and cost effective data storage solutions, and the combination of Intel chip technology and Cloudian's software-defined object storage helps us deliver great performance, manageability, and the seamless scalability we require.The remarkably efficient and robust Intel Xeon D hardware architecture is helping us deliver differentiated services in a highly competitive space." Cloudian HyperStore is the only fully S3 API compliant, multi-tenant, multi-datacenter hybrid cloud storage solution. HyperStore object storage makes it easy to build full-featured, Amazon S3-compliant cloud storage, on-premises, utilizing stand-alone software, or fully integrated Cloudian HyperStore appliances. HyperStore ensures unlimited scale, fully automated data tiering, and support for all S3 applicationsall behind your firewall. For more information:Video: Cloudian HyperStore 5.2 software with Intel Xeon processor D highlighting Scalematrix's experience http://intel.ly/1NhO420Podcast: Changing the Storage Playing Field with the Intel Xeon Processor D-1500 product family https://soundcloud.com/intelchipchat/xeond-cloudianSolution Brief: Cloudian and QCT Racko X Rack Systems http://www.cloudian.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/CLO_Quanta_SB.pdfCloudian HyperStore: www.cloudian.com About CloudianBased in the Silicon Valley, Cloudian is the leader in software-defined smart data storage. Our flagship product, Cloudian HyperStore, is a fully S3-compatible storage platform that enables service providers and enterprises to build reliable, affordable and scalable hybrid cloud storage solutions.  Cloudian Media ContactsU.S.: McClenahan Bruercloudian@mcbru.com+1 503-546-1000 Europe: Touchdown PR cloudian@touchdownpr.com+44 (0)1252 717040 *Intel and Xeon are registered trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120918/SF75609LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cloudian-qualifies-intel-xeon-processor-d-1500-product-family-for-hyper-efficient-storage-infrastructure-in-next-generation-data-centers-300174415.html SOURCE  Cloudian, Inc. 