2015-11-11 This is shaping up to be a great month for consumer electronics gadgetry. Black Friday is just around the corner, and while shoppers will be scrambling to find great deals on Ultra HD flat screens, wearable cameras, and hoverboards let's not forget about the more realistic bargains that folks will be able to score on cheaper gizmos. Amazon.com(NASDAQ:AMZN) is no stranger to steep markdowns in November. In fact, it launched its "Countdown to Black Friday" sales event when the month began, offering flash sale discounts on select items. However, there's nothing quite like Black Friday itself -- and Amazon's going to be ready. It's teasing some of the deals that will be available as we head into the meaty holiday shopping season, and if you happen to be in the market for a tablet, e-reader, or set-top device you may be interested in what the world's largest online retailer is peddling at the low end of the market. Yes, Amazon is serious about owning the low end of the consumer electronics market. It doesn't have a problem yielding the high end to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). If you're set on paying $269 for an iPad mini 2 -- an older generation tablet, but the cheapest one that Apple is still selling -- seeing a rival Fire go from $49.99 to $34.99 may not sway you. If shelling out $149 for the new Apple TV doesn't faze you it's not as if Fire TV Stick getting a temporary $15 haircut to $34.99 is going to move you. However, these low prices will make waves for folks snapping up cheap Android tablets as well as Roku or Chromecast video streaming boxes. Apple has its market. Amazon has everything else, and at the prices it plans on rolling out in a few days it will be doing a lot of business before the official start of the holiday shopping season on Black Friday.  3 Companies Poised to Explode When Cable Dies Cable is dying. And there are 3 stocks that are poised to explode when this faltering $2.2 trillion industry finally bites the dust. Just like newspaper publishers, telephone utilities, stockbrokers, record companies, bookstores, travel agencies, and big box retailers did when the Internet swept away their business models. And when cable falters, you don't want to miss out on these 3 companies that are positioned to benefit. Click herefor their names. Hint: They're not the ones you'd think! Rick Munarriz has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com and Apple. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. 