2015-10-27 FAIRFAX, Calif., Oct. 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --DailyNutra launches Omega Supreme Krill Oil Formulas made with pure Neptune Krill Oiland certified sustainable by Friend of the Sea. Three condition-specific formulas include Omega Supreme Heart & Circulation Formula with CoQ10, Omega Supreme Brain & Vision Formula with Lutein, and Omega Supreme Joints & Bones Formula with D3. Krill oil is a well researched and popular supplement because of its highly absorbable Omega-3 fatty acids, EPA and DHA. Now, recent studies by Neptune Technologies & Bioresources show that krill oil also improves the absorption of secondary ingredients when taken together. When combined with Neptune Krill Oil, CoQ10 is 25x more absorbable, D3 is 2x more absorbable, and Lutein is 8x more absorbable. By combining Neptune Krill Oil with key supporting ingredients for heart, joints and brain, Omega Supreme Krill Oil Formulas have more impact than the same supplements taken separately. "We chose to partner with Neptune Krill Oil because we wanted the most potent and pure krill oil available, backed by solid science," says Joey Shepp, DailyNutra CEO, "We partnered with Friend of the Sea for our sustainability certification because of their strict auditing and high integrity in protecting marine habitat.The final result of this collaboration is a ground-breaking line of enhanced krill oil supplements, backed by science and sustainability." Omega Supreme Krill Oil Formulas provide targeted, high absorption ingredients in a small, easy to swallow soft gel capsules. The formulas are available now for purchase on Amazon.com and select retail outlets. Learn more at http://www.dailynutra.com/krill-oil. About DailyNutra:DailyNutra is a premium natural supplements company supporting people in living long, active lives. With a dedication to science-based formulas and potent, natural ingredients, DailyNutra is launching innovative products for the modern supplements user. http://www.dailynutra.com  About Neptune Technologies and Bioresources:Neptune is an industry-recognized leader in the innovation and production of science-based omega-3 phospholipids products for the nutraceutical and pharmaceutical markets. http://neptunekrilloil.com About Friend of the Sea:Friend of the Sea is a non-profit, non-governmental organization, whose mission is the conservation of the marine habitat. http://www.friendofthesea.org Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150924/270689LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dailynutra-launches-omega-supreme-krill-oil-formulas-for-heart-joints-and-brain-300166624.html SOURCE  DailyNutra 