2015-11-03 LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- REP Interactive, an award-winning video marketing and production services agency, had its humble beginnings in 2009 as a homework assignment for Steve Gatena at the University of Southern California. He quickly sought his mother's expertise and the duo established a new company, REP Interactive. For Steve's master's thesis at USC, he created a video series with Coldwell Banker called World's Most Expensive Homes. Since then, the series has garnered over 1.5 million views on Youtube and become a highly successful campaign for Coldwell Banker. For an example from the campaign, watch the embedded video to take a tour through Palazzo di Amore, a $195 million estate in the heart of cosmopolitan Beverly Hills. The World's Most Expensive Homes series may have been the catalyst, but true growth came when Steve's mother, Judy Gatena, current CEO and co-founder ofREPInteractive, took her two decades of entrepreneurial experience to growthe company from a five-figure media startup to a seven-figure per year video and broadcast media agency. As a testament to her success, alongside her son, she was named on Forbes Magazine's list of Famous Multi-Generational Entrepreneurs. "It's been such an amazing journey to see a small spark of an idea turn into a roaring inferno," Judy Gatena, CEO, recalls, "My son and I may have provided the initial spark but the kindling comes from our team who is in relentless pursuit of excellence and our clients like Coldwell Banker, Mattel, and Amazon who give us a tremendous amount of support and the latitude to create something truly special." REP Interactive was born from the idea that online video could be created with the same quality and production value that we see in Hollywood. Evolving from a homework assignment to producing broadcast quality media for brands around the world, the results have been truly astounding. Six years after its founding, REP Interactive is excited to announce that it has been ranked as one thefastest-growing companies in the United States, according to the Inc. 5000 annual list. If you'd like to work with reliable and experienced video professionals who can help you grow your business, contact REP Interactive today at info@repinteractive.com Press Contact: Nicholas Muntz, Phone: (888) 789-1299 Email: nicholas.muntz@repinteractive.com Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151103/283361LOGO  Video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoEciKeSb6o   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/rep-interactive-from-a-homework-assignment-to-one-of-the-fastest-growing-companies-in-the-world-300171430.html SOURCE  REP Interactive 