2015-10-20 DUBLIN, Oct. 20, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --  Research and Markets (http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/sc74kb/storageasaservi) has announced the addition of the "Storage-as-a-Service Market in US 2015-2019" report to their offering. The storage as a service (STaaS) market in the US to grow at a CAGR of 33.40% over the period 2014-2019. The report, Storage as a Service (STaaS) Market in the US 2015-2019, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the landscape of the STaaS market in the US and its growth prospects in the coming years. The report includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Subscription costs associated with storing data on the cloud is decreasing steadily because of competitiveness among vendors. There are several emerging vendors in the US market offering storage in the cloud with affordable subscriptions. The market for backup and data archiving is also competitive with regard to pricing. According to the report, analytics has become the backbone for successful business operations. It enables companies to arrive at a decision. An increasing volume of data generated has prompted organizations to opt for the pay-as-you-store subscription-based model to store data. The reason for this is that owning and operating in-house infrastructure for growing data is expensive.  Further, the report states that the major obstacle to the adoption of STaaS is the concern over data security. Although cloud-based offerings have evolved over the years and encryption and decryption mechanisms have become more sophisticated, it is still a serious concern. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the adoption of cloud storage by enterprises, which include: The market is divided into the following segments: Key vendors Other prominent vendors For more information visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/sc74kb/storageasaservi  Media Contact: Laura Wood , +353-1-481-1716, press@researchandmarkets.net To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/united-states-storage-as-a-service-market-2015-2019---market-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-334-300163040.html SOURCE  Research and Markets 