2015-11-03 DUBLIN, Nov. 03, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --  Research and Markets (http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/4gqqhm/global_b2c) has announced the addition of the "Global B2C E-Commerce Delivery 2015" report to their offering. This new report reveals the most important trends and numbers in B2C E-Commerce delivery. One of the findings of the report, titled Global B2C E-Commerce Delivery 2015, is that competition among online retailers for faster delivery has intensified, while online shoppers still value free delivery over same day delivery offerings.  The global growth of B2C E-Commerce creates both challenges and opportunities for the delivery sector. According to the report's findings, free shipping still remains the number one priority for almost two thirds of online shoppers worldwide. In Asia, for example, around half of digital buyers would add items to a cart in order to qualify for the free shipping service and in North America more than half of all online shoppers would choose longer delivery times, as of early 2015.  On the other hand, delivery speed is also a major concern of global online shoppers. Especially in the emerging markets, online consumers have to cope with long delivery times, as online retailers struggle with underdeveloped logistics. Approximately two thirds of online shoppers worldwide found delivery speed to be important last year. The BRIC countries rank the highest in share of online shoppers who would pay more for faster delivery. In response to this demand, online retailers attempt to offer express delivery options, such as same day and next day delivery. This leads to increased investment and intensified competition among the merchants and logistics providers. In China, the two largest E-Commerce companies, Alibaba and JD.com compete in covering the largest number of cities with same day delivery. Meanwhile, US-based Amazon.com expanded its one-hour delivery service to London in summer 2015, with further cities in the UK and perhaps in Europe to be covered later this year.  Another interesting finding of the report is that while home delivery is still the leading B2C E-Commerce delivery option in many countries, the popularity of alternative delivery methods, such as click and collect, is growing. In Sweden, close to half of online shoppers preferred to pick up their online orders from the post office or another location, rather than have these orders delivered to their home, as of early 2015. Another example is Argentina, where pick up at the point of sale was the second leading delivery method used by online shoppers last year.  Key Questions Answered:  - How important is delivery to global online shoppers? - What are the major trends in B2C E-Commerce delivery? - Which delivery methods are most used by online shoppers? - How do preferences about B2C E-Commerce delivery options vary worldwide?  Key Topics Covered:  1. Management Summary  2. Global  3. Asia-Pacific  4. North America  5. Europe  6. Latin America  7. Middle East & Africa  Companies Mentioned  - Alibaba - Amazon - Argos - Blue Dart - China Postal Express & Logistics - DHL - DPD - DTDC - Deutsche Post - eBay - EMS - Ecom Express - FamilyMart - FedEx - Google Express - Japan Post - Kintetsu World Express - Lawson - Logibox - Media Markt - MercadoLibre - Saturn - Shentong - Snapdeal - U.S Postal Service - UPS - Ulmart - Whistl - YTO Express - Yamato - Yodel - Yunda - Yuntong - ZJS Express - Zalando  For more information visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/4gqqhm/global_b2c  Media Contact:Laura Wood , +353-1-481-1716, press@researchandmarkets.net To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-b2c-e-commerce-delivery-2015---competition-in-global-b2c-e-commerce-delivery-intensifies-300171030.html SOURCE  Research and Markets 