2015-10-29 Amber Rose showed off her complete back and her ample cleavage in a loose fitting corduroy jumpsuit during the promotion of her new book in a bookshop in her hometown of Philadelphia Tuesday. The glamor model suffered a wardrobe malfunction in the outfit. In spite of her curvy assets, she could not pull off the dress. Rose showed off her ample assets in a nude corduroy cat-suit. Her jumpsuit had long sleeves, a deep V neckline and a deep V back as well. She paired her ensemble with nude pointed-toe high heels and accessorized with gold hoop earrings. The hip hop artist and singer opted for pink blush and added a touch of glamour to her dull outfit with a splash of deep red lipstick. She also wore her own sunglass line Amber Rose Eyewear. The Elton sunglass in gold featured cat eye shape and comes with a drawstring vegan-leather travel case. The blonde beauty, who celebrated her 32nd birthday on Oct. 21, showed off her white manicure and sported her famous blonde buzz cut at the event. In her literary magnum opus How To Be A Bad B****," Rose shares her secrets on how to lead a powerful life. She gives helpful advice and personal anecdotes. The book covers finances, career, love, beauty, and fashion while emphasizing confidence and positive self-acceptance. According to Amazon, the 32-year-old delivers a message to all women in this fiercely fearless guide: Work hard, love yourself, embrace your femininity and sexuality, and most importantly, chase the best vision of you possible. According to a synopsis provided on the website, the book is about a self-respecting, strong female who has everything together. This consists of body, mind, finances, and swagger; a woman who gets her way by any means necessary. The book has been published by Simon & Schusterimprint Gallery Books. For the cover of her book, Roe has bared almost all. The photo was shot by famed photographer David LaChapelle. It features Rose posing in profile amid black rocks near a shoreline, triumphantly holding a bow and arrow above the slain body of an enemy.Her silver hair is highlighted by a hint of gold on her feet, arms and body.Rose is pictured wearing a super skimpy gold string bikini top. 