2015-10-29 NEW YORK, Oct. 29, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --If there's one eternal question for a small business owner turned author, it's "How can I sell more books?" While word-of-mouth tactics have worked in the past, authors are increasingly challenged to uncover nontraditional ways to increase book sales. PR Toolkit contributing author, Scott Lorenz understands this challenge, and in his latest post highlights the power of a book review and how the service  NetGalley -- can become one of the most important tools in your book marketing strategy. For further discussion on this nontraditional method of book promotion, read Lorenz's article here: http://bit.ly/1kVLAzT PR Newswire's Small Business PR Toolkit is a comprehensive resource that provides small businesses and entrepreneurs the tools to develop an affordable public relations and marketing plan that helps generate interest from potential customers, engage with key audiences and grow their businesses. The toolkit features relevant content such as informative white papers, interactive webinars and how-to articles and premium access to educational resources, as well as the opportunity to take advantage of special offers designed specifically for small businesses. To request information on how PR Newswire can help your small business,click here. You can receive updates on new Small Business PR Toolkit content by following@prnsmallbizon Twitter. About PR NewswirePR Newswire (www.prnewswire.com) is the premier global provider of multimedia platforms that enable marketers, corporate communicators, sustainability officers, public affairs and investor relations officers to leverage content to engage with all their key audiences. Having pioneered the commercial news distribution industry over 60 years ago, PR Newswire today provides end-to-end solutions to produce, optimize and target content -- from rich media to online video to multimedia -- and then distribute content and measure results across traditional, digital, mobile and social channels. Combining the world's largest multi-channel, multi-cultural content distribution and optimization network with comprehensive workflow tools and platforms, PR Newswire enables the world's enterprises to engage opportunity everywhere it exists. PR Newswire serves tens of thousands of clients from offices in the Americas, Europe,Middle East,Africaand theAsia-Pacificregion, and is a UBM plc company. Contact:Amanda EldridgeDirector, Strategic Channels201-360-6906Amanda.eldridge@prnewswire.com Logo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110831/NY59180LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/one-surprisingly-simple-way-to-promote-your-book-300168904.html SOURCE  PR Newswire Association LLC 