2015-11-03 HENDERSON, Nev., Nov. 3, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --A well-known contributor to 26 national business industry magazines and other publications, speaker and writer Kenny Atcheson has published his highly anticipated first book. Marketing Battleground: How to Deploy Under-the-Radar Strategies to Explode Your Profits is available for sale on Amazon and participating book stores. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151102/282736 Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151102/282737  Atcheson offers something different than the same old tried-and-not-so-true-anymore marketing techniques of the past decade. With the rise of online review platforms, everyone is a critic. As Atcheson reveals inside, a few bad reviews can break a business, especially a small one. One unhappy customer cost a major airline $180 million in a few days because of one video that went viral.  In his own consultation business Creative Profit Pros LLC, Atcheson hears the same refrain across the nation: company owners are frustrated and tired and want to succeed in this techie world, but don't know how. The advice and tips in this book are easy-to-understand, yet will fly under-the-radar of competition because the ideas are fresh and savvy, using military tactics as the model. Interspersed with Atcheson's own down-to-earth, personal stories, this book is fun to read. About Kenny Atcheson  Kenny Atcheson is CEO and President of Creative Profit Pros LLC based in Henderson, Nevada. He is a popular national keynote speaker at conventions, and a workshop trainer who offers a variety of marketing and advertising programs, employee training programs and private consulting. In addition to his own company newsletters, Atcheson writes for several national magazines and other publications. His consulting experience includes: doctors, auto repair shops, authors, car dealerships, restaurants, real estate companies and agents, churches, preschools, motivational speakers, consultants, construction companies, solar energy companies, and personal improvement venues. For interviews, sound bites and blurbs, Atcheson can be reached at: www.MarketingBattleground.com/contact Email Fax 702-944-7891 Call 702-992-0825 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/national-keynote-speaker-workshop-trainer-and-marketing-expert---has-first-book-published-by-colossus-publishing-300171021.html SOURCE  Colossus Publishing 