2015-11-10 LONG BEACH, Calif., Nov. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Epson America, Inc., today announced it has been named a CES 2016 Innovation Awards Honoree for the Epson WorkForce ET-4550 EcoTank All-in-One printer. The revolutionary printer is one model in a series of recently announced Supertank printers that come loaded and ready with up to two years of ink in the box. Products entered in this prestigious program are judged by a preeminent panel of independent industrial designers, independent engineers and members of the trade media to honor outstanding design and engineering in cutting edge consumer electronics products across 27 product categories.  Products chosen as CES Innovation Honorees reflect innovative design and engineering in some of the most cutting edge tech products and services coming to market. The WorkForce ET-4550 EcoTank addresses a big customer pain point in printing: out of ink frustration. The WorkForce ET-4550 EcoTank is part of the Supertank printer category that do not use ink cartridges. Instead the ET-4550 features super-high-capacity, refillable ink tanks, enough ink in the box to print thousands of pages, and ultra-low cost replacement inks.  In fact, the ET-4550 comes loaded and ready, with enough ink in the box to print for up to two years1, so users can print up to 11,000 black/8,500 color pages2  the equivalent to about 50 ink cartridge sets3. In addition to its dramatic in-box cost savings, replacement ink bottles are also at an ultra-low cost, each bottle cost as low as $12.99. Consumers now do not have to ration their printing and can enjoy the freedom to print in color; the more they print, the more they save. Additionally, EcoTank printers deliver high quality output for which Epson is known  powered by PrecisionCore, the ET-4550 delivers high-speed printing and laser-quality black text. "The WorkForce ET-4550 EcoTank printer marks a fundamental shift in the way home and business users will think about printing in color and sets a new standard of convenience and value in the printer market," said Nils Madden, marketing director, Desktop Imaging and Printing, Epson. "The CES 2016 Innovation Awards commend ground-breaking technologies and we are thrilled our new EcoTank printer is part of this year's group of honorees as an example of cutting edge innovation."  The WorkForce ET-4550 was evaluated based on its engineering, aesthetic and design qualities, intended use/function and user value, how the design and innovation of the product directly compares to other products in the marketplace and unique/novel features present. The prestigious CES Innovation Awards are sponsored by the Consumer Technology Association (CTA), the producer of CES 2016, the global gathering place for all who thrive on the business of consumer technologies, and have been recognizing achievements in product design and engineering since 1976. The printer is available for $499.99 (MSRP) and the full EcoTank lineup can be purchased through other major computer, office and electronic superstores, e-tailers and mail order companies including Staples, Best Buy, Office Depot, Amazon, Microcenter, and epsonstore.com. For more information and availability, please visit epson.com/ecotank. About Epson Epson is a global technology leader dedicated to driving innovations and exceeding customer expectations in printing, visual communications, quality of life and manufacturing. Epson's lineup ranges from inkjet printers, printing systems and 3LCD projectors to industrial robots, smart glasses and sensing systems and is based on original compact, energy-saving, and high-precision technologies.  Led by the Japan-based Seiko Epson Corporation, the Epson Group comprises nearly 72,000 employees in 93 companies around the world, and is proud of its contributions to the communities in which it operates and its ongoing efforts to reduce environmental burdens.  Epson America, Inc., based in Long Beach, Calif., is Epson's regional headquarters for the U.S., Canada, and Latin America. To learn more about Epson, please visit: epson.com. You may also connect with Epson America on Facebook (facebook.com/Epson), Twitter (twitter.com/EpsonAmerica), YouTube (youtube.com/EpsonAmerica), and Instagram (instagram.com/EpsonAmerica). Specifications are subject to change without notice. EPSON, WorkForce and PrecisionCore are registered trademarks, and EPSON Exceed Your Vision is a registered logomark of Seiko Epson Corporation. All other product and brand names are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective companies. Epson disclaims any and all rights in these marks. Copyright 2015 Epson America, Inc. 1 Based on average monthly print volumes of about 150 pages (ET-2500, ET-2550, ET-4500), 300 pages (ET-4550), and 800 pages (WF-R4640).2 Yields based on the ISO/IEC 24712 pattern with Epson's methodology. Actual ink yields will vary considerably for reasons including images printed, print settings, temperature and humidity. Yields may be lower when printing infrequently or predominantly with one ink color. All ink colors are used for printing and printer maintenance, and all colors must be available for printing. For more information, visit www.epson.com/cartridgeinfo3 About 50 cartridge sets estimate based on print yields of the included Black and color ink bottles as compared to standard-capacity ink cartridge sets for similarly-featured cartridge printers as of March 2015. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20121130/LA21891LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/epson-ecotank-printer-named-ces-2016-innovation-awards-honoree-300176213.html SOURCE  Epson America, Inc. 