2015-11-02 ALISO VIEJO, Calif., Nov. 2,2015 /PRNewswire/ --Soft Health TechnologiesLLChas been selected as one of 10 startupcompanies to present at OCTANe's 10thannualMedical Device Investor Forum (MDIF)at Hotel Irvine. Soft Healthrecently commencedcommercialization ofFiness, anovel, clinically provendevice for female stress urinary incontinence, clearedbytheFDA for over-the-counter sale.Comprised of a soft, hydrophilic foam patch with a proprietary adhesive hydrogelon one surface,Finessisa first-of-its-kind innovationdesigned toactually preventleaks rather than absorb them.WithFiness, women are able to reclaim their active lifestyle without worrying about those accidental "oops" moments of bladder leakage. MDIF is the largest conference in Southern California focused on innovationinlife sciencetechnologies and will drawmedtechentrepreneurs, executives, and investors from around the country. While offering abundant networking opportunities, this two-day event will also provide an overview of the latest topics and news in the industry. Soft Health Technologies President and CEO,Thomas Berryman hasextensive experience in bringing venture-funded medical technology companies from initial startup through product commercialization, revenue growth and exit. "Having been involved in the growth of MDIF going back to its inaugural year in 2006, I am especially pleased to be participating this year as a startup company presenter," explains Berryman. "This latest venture has its roots in the Orange County medical device community going back several years, and it's great to be speaking to a hometown crowd with a company that can be so life-changing for so many women." Prior to founding Soft Heath Technologies, Thomas served as president and CEO ofWaveTecVision Systems, Founder and CEO ofGenyxMedical, Inc., and CFO of Micro Therapeutics, Inc., as well as working with several other early stage medical device companies. Visit HaveFiness.com to learn more about the product and applications. Berryman can be contacted by email berryman@softhealthtech.com. To receive more information aboutOCTANe'sMDIF, please visithttp://mdif2015.com/main.html. AboutFiness Finessifthe first and most clinically tested solution for bladder leakage cleared by the FDA for non-prescription use. With years in research and development,Finess prevents leakage by keeping urine in your bladder. Developed by specialists in Stress Urinary Incontinence (SUI) and extensively tested in women with SUI,Finess provides the 1 in 4 women suffering with SUI an alternative to incontinent pads. Finessis placed over the urethral opening and the specially formulated hydrogel adhesive gently seals it in place until it is removed. Through a sneeze, laugh or lifting something heavy,Finessstops the urine from escaping, so there's no fluid to absorb. That's howFinesschallenges the age-old thinking of catching urine in pads and puts science to work. Finesswas introduced in early 2015 via aWebsiteandonline store. Women can privately learn about incontinence, its causes and howFinesscan help prevent bladder leaks. Orderingthetrial-packor36-packis discreet and confidential through a secure e-commerce siteandAmazon.com. For more information visit:https://havefiness.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/soft-health-technologies-llc-to-present-finess-new-stress-urinary-incontinence-product-at-octanes-mdif-conference-300170367.html SOURCE  Soft Health Technologies LLC 