2015-10-21 WASHINGTON, Oct. 21, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Many AARP members already know of the discounts available to them on travel-related goods and services, such as car rentals, hotels, vacation packages and cruises. However, they might be surprised to learn they qualify for additional discounts on everyday costs, such as groceries, car maintenance and movie tickets. "AARP members often tell us they enjoy the popular travel and dining discounts that are available to them," said Angela Jones, senior vice president, business development and lifestyle products at AARP Services, Inc. "In fact, since Denny's launched their promotion in 2010, AARP members have utilized the discount more than 48 million times." However, they might not know they are missing out on additional opportunities to save every day, Jones added. With an AARP membership, Americans 50 and over can unlock the potential to save on electronics, concerts, pet insurance plans, shipping costs and even regular car maintenance. In addition to popular travel offers, AARP members can save on the following products and services: AARP memberships cost just $16 a year and can often be recouped by using just a few of the many discounts available. To take advantage of any discount or service offered to AARP members, or to find out about all the ways AARP members can save, download the free AARP Member Advantages Offer Finder mobile app for iOS and Android devices or visit aarpdiscounts.com. ABOUT AARP SERVICES, INC.AARP Services, Inc., founded in 1999, is a wholly-owned taxable subsidiary of AARP. AARP Services manages the provider relationships for and performs quality control oversight of the wide range of products and services that carry the AARP name and are made available by independent providers as benefits to AARP's millions of members. The provider offers currently span health products, financial products, travel and leisure products, and life event services. Specific products include Medicare supplemental insurance; credit cards; auto and home, mobile home and motorcycle insurance, life insurance and annuities; member discounts on rental cars, cruises, vacation packages and lodging; special offers on technology and gifts; pharmacy services; and legal services. AARP Services also engages in new product development activities for AARP and provides certain consulting services to outside companies. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/10-extraordinary-discounts-people-age-50-and-above-should-know-about-300163911.html SOURCE  AARP Services, Inc. 