2015-10-21 COLD SPRING, Ky., Oct. 21, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Grammy award winning vocalistLeAnn Rimes and DAV (Disabled American Veterans), a nonprofit that provides resources for our nation's veterans, are collaborating this holiday season to celebrate our heroes home. The partnership coincides with the release of Rimes' new holiday album, Today Is Christmas. Rimes partnered with Grammy nominated recording artist Gavin DeGraw to record a new version of Kenny Loggins' hit song, "Celebrate Me Home" for the album, and the song's music video includes heartwarming moments from real military homecomings. Rimes and DAV are joining forces to honor veterans and their families in memorable ways throughout the holiday season, with the goal of bringing greater awareness to America's 22 million veterans and those transitioning back to civilian life. As part of the collaboration, deserving veterans from across the country will get the surprise of a lifetime on stage at each of the 12 stops on Rimes' upcoming holiday tour, where they will receive VIP tickets to her concert, a face-to-face "thank you" on stage with Rimes and a special holiday gift. "DAV is delighted to partner with LeAnn Rimes on this timely opportunity to pay tribute and give back to America's veterans in meaningful ways," said Marc Burgess, DAV National Adjutant. "This partnership will help us reach new audiences and bring greater attention to the importance of providing a lifetime of support to veterans of all generations." The road home can often be a difficult one for service members who are making the transition to civilian life. They must overcome many challenges, including reintegrating with their families, dealing with the visible and invisible wounds of war, finding housing and searching for employment. Every year, DAV provides support to more than 1 million veterans and their families, helping them gain access to the benefits they earned and deserve, and connecting them with meaningful job opportunities. "While Gavin and I were recording 'Celebrate Me Home,' we were reminded of the emotional homecoming videos we've seen over the years, and thought that connecting the song to veterans elevated the meaning," said Rimes. "We thought of all the great work DAV is doing for transitioning service men and women and veterans of all generations and knew it was the perfect holiday partnership." Today is Christmas, which is being released through Kobalt Label Services, is now available oniTunes, Amazon, and all music retailers, with an exclusive version available at Target and Target.com thatwill includethree bonus tracks. Rimes'Today Is ChristmasTour is scheduled to kick off on December 4, 2015 in Tacoma, Washington. For additional information and to see upcoming tour dates, visither website. If you'd like to learn more about how you can support America's veterans this holiday season, please visit DAV.org/Celebrate.  About LeAnn Rimes:LeAnn Rimes has global sales of more than 42 million units, won two Grammy Awards, three Academy of Country Music Awards, two World Music Awards, one Country Music Association Award, one Dove Award and 12 Billboard Music Awards. Rimes is the youngest recipient of a Grammy Award, and was also the first country recording artist to win in the "Best New Artist" category. Rimes has placed 42 singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart, 13 of which are top-10 hits, and has scored numerous hit singles in her career, including "Can't Fight the Moonlight" which went #1 in 11 countries, and "How Do I Live," which is the second longest charting song ever on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. About Kobalt Label Services:Kobalt is the leading independent music publishing and global music rights management services company. Kobalt's Music Publishing, Label Services and Neighboring Rights divisions each offer an alternative to the traditional music business model, empowering artists, songwriters, publishers and labels with advanced technology, transparency, flexibility, ownership and control. Kobalt has built the most trusted brand in music among music creators including Lenny Kravitz, Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds, Big & Rich, David Gray, Martina McBride, Noel Gallagher, Brian McKnight, The Pet Shop Boys, Joss Stone and others. For more information on Kobalt, please contact: info@kobaltmusic.com, or visit us at www.kobaltmusic.com. About DAV:DAV empowers veterans to lead high-quality lives with respect and dignity. It is dedicated to a single purpose: fulfilling our promises to the men and women who served. DAV does this by ensuring that veterans and their families can access the full range of benefits available to them; fighting for the interests of America's injured heroes on Capitol Hill; linking veterans and their families to employment resources; and educating the public about the great sacrifices and needs of veterans transitioning back to civilian life. DAV, a non-profit organization with nearly 1.3 million members, was founded in 1920 and chartered by the U. S. Congress in 1932. Learn more at www.dav.org. Media Contacts: Marcel Pariseau, 323-957-0730 or marcel@truepublicrelations.com Sarah Goodling, 410-626-0805 or sgoodling@crosbymarketing.com Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151020/278786  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/leann-rimes-celebrates-veterans-home-this-holiday-season-with-dav-300163219.html SOURCE  DAV 