2015-10-19 CHICAGO, Oct. 19, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The wildly popular 21-and-over twist on a soda fountain classic can now be made in your own kitchen. Introducing the first-of-its-kind, all-inclusive Hacked Root Beer (HRB) homebrew kit by Mr. Beer.HRB is frothy and full-bodied with notes of licorice, sassafras and vanilla. Enjoy the rich creaminess of old fashioned root beer balanced with the mild bitterness of your favorite brew (5 percent alcohol by volume).  The world's first and #1 homebrewing kit, Mr. Beer simplifies the science of homebrewing to empower brewers of all levels to succeed. To create HRB, brewers need only the kit, water, brown sugar, common kitchen items, 90 minutes of active time  for set up, mixing and bottling  and three weeks of leave-it-alone brewing time.  "Hard root beers' rapid sales and distribution growth in the last two years is just the tip of a broader hard soda market, appealing to consumers seeking a sweeter tasting beer," says Patrick Bridges, Mr. Beer VP of Sales and Marketing. "Making this trend accessible to homebrewers continues our long history of leading homebrewing innovation to help brewers make the hottest flavors their own."  The HRB kit retails for $64.95 ($24.95 for each refill) at Amazon.com and mrbeer.com. Mr. Beer kit equipment can be used over again to brew cases of Mr. Beer's more than 100 beer varieties.  ABOUT MR. BEER: www.mrbeer.comIn 1993, Mr. Beer launched the world's first homebrew starter kit, and today continues to fuel the movement's momentum with innovations that help homebrewers produce the highest quality beer with less time, equipment and expense than other methods. Mr. Beer's straightforward formula combines brewing extract - a concentrated form of all natural malted barley and hops - with yeast and water to start brewing in 30 minutes or less. All Mr. Beer brewing extracts are designed by a renowned team of world master brewers and crafted on state-of-the-art equipment at a leading Australian brewery using unique processes to retain all of the natural flavors, colors, and characteristics vital to high-quality beer. Mr. Beer is proud to be a part of the unique homebrew story of millions of Americans, including numerous noteworthy craft breweries' head brewers. Press and product inquiries, contact Orly Telisman Public Relations at orly@orlypr.com or 312-375-1230. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151019/278177LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hard-root-beer-hits-the-homebrew-market-300161975.html SOURCE  Mr. Beer 