2015-11-10 NEW YORK, Nov. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- What does the report contain? This report focuses on an important segment of the parcels industry: those services designed to carry parcels on behalf of consumers and small businesses, such as eBay or Amazon Marketplace sellers. We quantify the European market segment size, historical growth rates, segmentation patterns and levels of market profitability while reviewing key factors behind these figures (There is also a UK version of this report, UK Consumer & Small Business Parcels: Market Insight, 2015 available). We also carry out an in-depth analysis of the relevant drivers of industry growth. This includes trends in home shopping, the growth of eBay and its peers and the development of new services targeted at this segment. A broad range of companies who serve the consumer / small business segment across Europe are profiled, their strategies and positioning are reviewed and their performance and prospects are analysed. The report sets out historical trends in a data-rich document with over 80 charts and tables. It contains our forecast scenario for consumer / small business segment growth which is based on analysis of historical trends and our understanding of growth drivers. What are the objectives of this report? The European parcels industry has continued to grow, however the traditional business-to-business (B2B) segment is increasingly mature.  To find growth, many carriers looked first to consumer deliveries (B2C) as home shopping became increasingly important. Now, as marketplaces such as eBay and Amazon have grown strongly, and increased home shopping has led to ever more returns, the importance of parcels consigned by consumers and small businesses such as eBay sellers (C2X parcels) is increasing. The report is intended for parcels carriers and logistics groups, home-shopping retailers, operators of consumer / small business parcels service providers, potential entrants to the segment, investors, banks, analysts, consultants and other parties with interests in the area. What are the sources and methodology? This report is based on: Interviews with senior-level contacts in the parcels and home shopping industries In-depth analysis of the macroeconomic environment and relevant parcels market drivers Financial analysis of the accounts of companies in the industry Extensive research using published and online sources Our own experience of advising both companies and investors in the parcels and home shopping industry Information from these sources has been synthesised and presented clearly and concisely with extensive use of charts and tables to illuminate points and support conclusions. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03375615-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com 