2015-10-26 FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla., Oct. 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Wheel of Fortune , the most successful syndicated show in the history of TV, is launching its first-ever cookbook. The Mr. Food Test Kitchen  Wheel of Fortune Collectible Cookbook (launching Nov. 2) is a must-have holiday gift for anyone who watches Wheel whether they love to cook or not. Going beyond all the quick-and-easy weeknight recipes inspired by the show as well as past contestants, fans who entered the Viewer Recipe Contest, show staff and stars Pat Sajak and Vanna White, this keepsake book has:  That's great, but the proof is in the pudding (as in Vanna Banana Pudding). Vanna White's family recipe for banana pudding is in the book along with other personal recipes. "It was so much fun working with Pat and Vanna, as well as the whole Wheel of Fortune team on this book. Their passion for food is obvious. I really think we captured it in this book," says Mr. Food Test Kitchen COO Howard Rosenthal.  Pat Sajak loves the idea that this book will make viewers more intimate with the show. He says, "Over the years, I have eaten more than my share of dishes on the show, and each time I do, I think I have the best job in the world. I just wish Vanna would stop sneaking food off my plate when I'm not looking." Vanna White says that she never sneaks foodshe shares it. "For me food is all about sharing. So the fact that I can share some of my favorite foods with viewers is very exciting and personal," she says. RECIPE EXAMPLES: PUBLICATION INFORMATIONTitle: Mr. Food Test Kitchen  Wheel of Fortune Collectible CookbookPages: 252Retail Price: $21.95Where to Buy: WheelOfFortune.com, MrFood.com, Barnes & Noble, QVC, Amazon.com or wherever books are sold. Book Trailer: Click here for a sneak peek video. More about Mr. Food Test Kitchen: http://mrfood.co/ For recipe photos click here.  Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151026/FL38211   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wheel-of-fortune-launches-collectible-cookbook-300166121.html SOURCE  Mr. Food Test Kitchen 