2015-10-15 CINCINNATI, Oct. 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- One of the nation's largest broadcasters, Raycom Media, will begin publishing content from Newsy across its 30+ owned-and-operated news channel websites.  Newsy is the leading over-the-top video news service that brings context and perspective to a growing millennial audience and is a wholly owned subsidiary of The E.W. Scripps Company (NYSE: SSP). "Newsy provides a fresh perspective on the day's news, with an editorial focus that is very targeted at  and performs well with  millennials," said Joe Fiveash, vice president of digital for Raycom Media. "We believe that Newsy adds an important layer of national and world news depth to our already robust offerings across Raycom markets. In addition to providing relevant news to our consumers, it provides sought-after video placement opportunities for our advertisers." After a successful trial run on the website of its Memphis-based station, WMC Action News 5, Raycom sought a larger distribution of Newsy videos across its properties. Now, the agreement secures placement of multiple Newsy videos in the daily video module on each of Raycom's news channels' websites. Raycom Media stations cover 13.1 percent of U.S. television households.  "Raycom Media has a strong reputation for serving consumers and advertisers with relevant content in its local communities," said Blake Sabatinelli, general manager of Newsy. "Partnering with Newsy is a natural next step in delivering the stories that consumers are seeking from today's news providers in a compelling digital experience." Newsy has made a name for itself as a forward-thinking digital brand built by and for the next generation of media consumers, with offerings that speak to ever-changing content consumption habits. In addition to its deal with Raycom, Newsy has similar distribution across the Scripps station group.  About NewsyNewsy is a millennial-focused digital video news service that provides "news with the why," built to inform and engage by delivering today's top stories across platforms. Its content is available in on-demand and linear formats on overthetop (OTT) services including Watchable from Comcast, Pluto TV, Roku, Amazon Fire TV and Google Chromecast; connected television; on mobile for iOS, Android and Kindle Fire; and at newsy.com.  About Raycom MediaRaycom Media, an employee-owned company based in Montgomery, AL, is one of the nation's largest broadcasters and owns and/or provides services for 53 television stations in 37 markets and 18 states. Raycom stations cover 13.1% of U.S. television households and employ nearly 4,000 individuals in full and part-time positions. In addition to television stations, Raycom owns Raycom Sports (a marketing, production and events management and distribution company), Tupelo-Honey Productions (a NY-based production company), Limerick Studios (a Charlotte, NC-based motion graphics design house), and Broadview Media (a post production/digital signage company based in Montgomery, AL). To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/raycom-media-partners-with-newsy-to-deliver-news-for-millennials-300160464.html SOURCE  The E.W. Scripps Company 