2015-11-09 AUSTIN, Texas, Nov. 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Beekeeper Data, a reporting and analytics startup, announced the launch of their reporting product today at the Texata Summit in Austin TX. Beekeeper's platform allows businessesto easily share data with their customers, partners, and employees without investing in a dedicated reporting team. Beekeeper's $550,000 seed round includes investments from Wisconsin Investment Partners (WIP), Serra Ventures, BrightStar Wisconsin, and a range of other investors across the Midwest. As part of the round Michael Thorson (WIP Co-Manager) and Eli Collins (Chief Technologist at Cloudera) have joined the board of directors. Beekeeper Data is a graduate of the gener8tor Milwaukee business accelerator and began a private beta rollout in October 2014. "Beekeeper has been pivotal to the success and value our customers are finding in Solomo's location analytics platform," says Joe Barneston, Director of Product at Solomo Technology, a Beekeeper customer. "Before Beekeeper, we tried more traditional BI tools, but found our customers got lost in the data. Beekeeper's unique product allows us to answer our customers' key performance questions in a simplified and automated way." Beekeeper Data is the brainchild of Matthew Rathbone, a software engineer who has previously led big data and analytics projects at Drop.io (acquired by Facebook), Shoutlet (acquired by Spredfast), and Foursquare. "After manually building a spreadsheet report for the hundredth time I figured there must be a better way to share data, so I set out to build something new," said Matthew. "We've worked hard to make reporting as easy as sending an email newsletter, and the reception to this approach from our customers has been fantastic." About Beekeeper Data Beekeeper Data provides a reporting platform that lets businesses quickly and easily send beautiful reports to their customers via email. The platform connects to NoSQL databases like Hadoop, and Spark, as well as traditional datastores like MySQL, Amazon Redshift, and Microsoft SQL Server. By using Beekeeper Data, businesses can iterate on report ideas, debug data issues, and deploy reports to customers that are easy to maintain, adapt, and track. Beekeeper Data graduated from gener8tor Milwaukee in 2014. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/beekeeper-data-raises-550k--launches-their-reporting-platform-for-hadoop-spark-and-redshift-300175135.html SOURCE  Beekeeper Data 