2015-11-04 LAKE FOREST and SANTA MONICA, Calif., Nov. 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Kwikset Kevo smart lock, the industry's first smart lock powered by UniKey technology, and the Ring Video Doorbell now work together, enabling homeowners to secure and control their entire entryway. Homeowners can now see and speak with whoever is at the door via the Ring app, then quickly lock or unlock their Kevo smart lock, all from their smartphones. This integration is the latest in a series of integrations Ring is announcing as part if its new Ring Plus program, which enables customers to connect several of their smart home devices to Ring.  "Kwikset looks for ways to give homeowners simple and secure solutions to a smarter home," says Keith Brandon, Kwikset Vice President of Residential Access Solutions. "Kevo and Ring are both do-it-yourself smart home products and when used together, give homeowners a smart entryway that can be controlled easily with one touch from their smartphones." Jamie Siminoff, Chief Inventor and CEO of Ring, said: "At Ring, it's our mission to reduce crime in communities through affordable, smart security solutions. With the integration of Kwikset Kevo, the leading smart lock on the market, and the launch of our Ring Plus program, it is even easier for our customers to completely secure their homes. Now, not only can Ring customers see who's on their property at anytime, they can also immediately lock their doors if they see someone suspicious."  When guests push the Ring Video Doorbell or the doorbell's motion sensors detect movement, homeowners use the Ring mobile app (iOS, Android and Windows 10) to verify and interact with guests. Then, the homeowner can lock or unlock their Kevo smart lock from their mobile device through the Ring app. Homeowners who have upgraded to Kevo Plus can remotely lock or unlock their Kevo smart lock after verifying the guest from anywhere in the world, provided there is an Internet connection. "The integration of Kevo and Ring is a great example of how UniKey's partnership with Kwikset has continuously allowed us to innovate with software technology, making Kevo one of the most flexible platforms in the category," says Phil Dumas, UniKey Technologies President. The Benefits of Ring and Kevo: Users with Ring and Kevo can access the integration through the Ring iOS app version 2.7 available for free download in the App Store. The integration will be available to Android and Windows 10 users in the coming weeks.  Kwikset Kevo smart lock is available at select retailers for MSRP $199 with the Kevo Plus upgrade available on MyKevo.com for a $69.99 one-time fee. Kevo will be available for purchase on Ring.com in mid-November. For additional information about Kevo, or to access images and request product for review, please visithttp://kwiksetpresskit.com.  The Ring Video Doorbell is available at Best Buy, Home Depot, Lowe's, Target, Amazon.com and Ring.com for MSRP $199. For hi-res images and more information about Ring, visit www.ring.com/press. To learn more about Ring's new Ring Plus program, go to www.ring.com/plus. About KwiksetKwikset is the leading residential lock manufacturer, making homeowners feel safe for over 60 years. Kwikset works hard to understand the world you live in, so that we can do everything we can to protect it. The company's unwavering commitment to meeting homeowners' needs has inspired its innovative lock portfolio that includes patented SmartKey deadbolts, keyless entry combination locks, connected home technology, first-to-market smart lock, Kevo and a wide variety of styles and finishes. Our interior and exterior door products provide customers with the quality, technology, durability and style they want while guaranteeing the highest level of security. Headquartered in Orange County, Calif., Kwikset is part of the Hardware and Home Improvement (HHI) division of Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: SPB). Kwikset products are sold online and through retailers and distributors throughout the U.S., Canada, Mexico and Australia. Visit us at http://kwikset.com and http://kwiksetpresskit.com. About UniKeyUniKey is a smart lock pioneer and industry leader in smart access control technology. UniKey provides a secure mobile platform to leading lock and access control companies. UniKey's technology replaces keys, codes and passwords by turning the smartphone into a convenient, universal electronic key by simply touching the lock without the need to remove one's phone from their pocket or purse. UniKey partners with leading lock manufacturers like Kwikset Corporation and Miwa to bring smart locks to residential homes, commercial businesses and enterprise around the world. The Kwikset Kevo smart lock powered by UniKey is the first and best selling smart lock in North America.  About RingRing's mission is to reduce crime in communities and empower consumers by creating a "ring" of security around homes and neighborhoods. Named one of TIME Magazine's Top 10 Gadgets of 2014, the RingVideo Doorbell blends convenience, monitoring and security into one sleek, simple and powerful wireless doorbell. With Ring, you're always home. Visit www.ring.com for more information. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151103/283593  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ring-video-doorbell-and-kwikset-kevo-smart-lock-now-work-together-as-part-of-new-ring-plus-program-300172188.html SOURCE  Kwikset 