2015-10-25 Update: Nov. 2, 3:50 pm: Over the weekend, new House Speaker Paul Ryan named David Hoppe as his chief of staff. Original story: As he builds support for his  bid for speaker of the House, Republican Rep. Paul Ryan has announced he will name as his top aide a longtime corporate lobbyist whose past clients have significant business before Congress.The  Washington Postreportedif he wins the speaker's job,Ryan will name as his chief of staff registered lobbyistDavid Hoppe, a former aide to Sens. Trent Lott and John Kyl. The announcement comes a decade after congressional Republicans' so-called K Street Project,which sought to bring lobbyists closer to the Republican policymaking machine,resulted in federal indictments. Federal records show since 2010, Hoppe has lobbied for major financial industry interests such as insurance giant  MetLife, the  National Venture Capital Association and  Zurich Financial Services. He has also lobbied for investment firmBlackRock, which could be affected by efforts to  change federal financial regulations and which could benefit from a recent  proposal to shift military pension money into a federal savings plan managed in part by the Wall Street giant. And Hoppe has lobbied for  Cayman Finance, whose  business promot[ing]the development of the Cayman Islands financial services industry could be affected by  legislation to crack down on offshore tax havens. In 2015 alone,Hoppe registered to lobby for the Lebaneseal-Mawarid Bankon "issues affecting the Lebanese financial sector,"online retailerAmazonon legislation dealing with Internet sales taxes,andfood giant Mars on the "Farm Bill reauthorization and implementation" as well as "legislation related to food and pet food regulation." Federal records show Hoppe has also previouslylobbied for: -- The  U.S. Chamber of Commerce, which has  pledged to wage all-out war against proposals to mandate paid family leave. (Ryan, who has opposed such mandates in the past,stipulated his own "family time" be protected before agreeing to run for speaker.) -- The  National Association of Broadcasters, which represents major media corporations in their various legislative initiatives before Congress. --  AT&T and the  United States Telecom Association on the issue of net neutrality, which Congress may deal withthanks to a  legislative initiative to try to prevent the Federal Communications Commissionfrom regulating telecom companies. --  Sony, which could benefitfrom  federal film incentivesand which alsohas an interest in copyright provisions in the  Trans-Pacific Partnership and inanti-digital-piracy legislation. --  Entergy Nuclear, a nuclear power company with an interest in national  energy legislation. 