2015-10-27 RIVERSIDE, Calif., Oct. 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --"What was the "1st" thing that Bill and Sandra Whalen did after installing their dream copper & polished-nickel tub and mosaic sink?...They immediately protected the surfaces with Bullet-Proof Bathroom Super-Coat by Self-Cleen," explains Matthew Masters, Self-Cleen spokesperson. It is understandable that The Whalen's wanted to protect these gorgeous, new fine bathroom furnishings - who wouldn't? Whether buying "new" furnishings, or just wanting bathrooms to stay looking like "new," the information in this article will be of value. The Common Causes of Degradation: Water, Soap Scum, Limescale, Chemical Attack, Humidity, Cleaning & Scrubbing It's said to be easy to start degrading the beauty of new bathroom furnishings and remodels by simply turning on the water and using them. To preserve beauty instead  consider what The Whalen's did. If their message, below, is any indication  they are very thankful: "Here are pictures of bathroom fixtures after using your product. Turned out great!!! Thank you!!"- Bill & Sandra Whalen Self-Cleen claims that it didn't set out to create just another "glass protectant" or "shower spray." Its goal was to develop the most versatile DIY bathroom protectant product available. The result is Self-Cleen's Bullet-Proof Bathroom Super-Coat Kit, which is a whole-bathroom protectant that only requires 2 treatments per year. According to Self-Cleen's Spokesperson, Matthew Masters, "The patented 2 part formulation in its Super-Coat cannot be exactly duplicated by others." Self-Cleen describes its Super-Coat as an advanced micro-particle technology that creates a solid transparent barrier that instantly molecularly bonds to the original surface. "It becomes the new surface and it won't peel, bubble or discolor. The original surface is preserved because outside elements cannot contact it any longer," stated Masters.  Masters also mentioned that its Super-Coat's surface actively repels water, oils, soap scum and hard water limescale. "Bathrooms surfaces stay cleaner longer, scrubbing is eliminated, and maintenance is reduced to easy wipe-down cleaning," he says. Per Masters, "All common bathroom surfaces can be protected with this advanced 6-Month Super-Coat, except for "porous" surfaces - primarily travertine tile and unfinished wood." To illustrate how valuable this product can be, Masters offers the 20 examples, below. 20-Ways to Protect Bathroom Remodels & Renovations with 1-Product 1. Beautifies & Protects Granite2. Beautifies & Protects Marble3. Beautifies & Protects Porcelain4. Beautifies & Protects Tile5. Beautifies & Protects Metals & Chrome6. Beautifies & Protects Mirrors7. Beautifies & Protects Windows and Glass Block8. Prevents Water-Corrosion of Glass9. Prevents Humidity Damage and Fading of Painted Walls10.Prevents Humidity Damage to Wall Paper11.  Prevents Water Damage to Finished Wood12. Prevents Humidity Damage to Artwork Frames & Glass13. Resists Staining of Vanities and Cabinets14. Resists Staining & Water-Damage to Flooring15. Resists Staining & Water-Damage to Shelving16. Prevents Scum & Limescale Build-up on Glass17. Prevents Scum & Limescale Build-up on Tub & Tile18. Prevents Toilet-Rings 19. Prevents Hard Water Build-up on and around Faucets20. Facilitates Green & Easy Cleaning of all Surfaces One Bullet-Proof Bathroom Super-Coat kit treats up to 300 square feet and can be purchased on Amazon.com and SelfCleen.com. About Practical Scientific Solutions: Practical Scientific Solutions Co. (PSS) is a customer-oriented company whose core business is to develop and offer advanced products and new Best Practices under the brand name "Self-Cleen". PSS serves consumers, residential cleaning services, and commercial janitorial services with solutions for bathroom cleaning, protection and easy reduced maintenance.  Contact:  Matthew Masters, SpokespersonEmailRiverside, CAPh: (951) 529-9045  Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151026/280538Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151026/280539  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/whole-bathroom-6-month-protectant-developed-for-remodel-surface-preservation-300166706.html SOURCE  Practical Scientific Solutions Co. 