2015-10-30 A massive wildfire has been raging in the northern Brazilian state of Maranho for nearly two months, ripping through some 734 square milesof Amazonian forest and threatening indigenous communities and an uncontacted tribe, the Guardian reported Friday. The local and state governments have declared a state of emergency as more than 250 firefighters have taken to the Indigenous Territory of Arariboia to battle the blaze that has surrounded the Guajajara indigenous communities of 12,000 people. The 80-member Aw-Guaj uncontacted tribe is also thought to be in danger from the flames. This is certainly the biggest fire we have seen in recent years, Gabriel Zacharias, fire combat coordinator of the Brazilian Institute of the Environment and Renewable Natural Resources, told the Guardian. URGENTE! Terra Indgena Arariboia teve quase metade de seu territrio consumido pelo fogo  https://t.co/A2Rx0W0K6I pic.twitter.com/xDAVgTaFt1 	&mdash; Greenpeace Brasil (@GreenpeaceBR) October 30, 2015 The area has seen long-standing conflict between the indigenous communities and illegal Brazilian logging companies, who have been responsible for much of Maranhos deforestation. Activist organizations such as Greenpeace have speculated that loggers ignited the forest fire deliberately as punishment for the local tribespeoples efforts to defend their land. Illegal logging in indigenous lands is happening all over Brazil. And as indigenous peoples take measures to stop it, retaliation  like violence or starting fires in the forest  grows, Greenpeace activist Danicley de Aguiar told Phys.org. "Beyond putting out the fire, the main worry is guaranteeing the survival of these peoples." ABSURDO! Mais de 45% da terra indgena (TI) Arariboia foi consumida pelo fogo: https://t.co/A2Rx0W0K6I pic.twitter.com/YMUFwMYMZQ 	&mdash; Greenpeace Brasil (@GreenpeaceBR) October 28, 2015 Critics have claimed that the illegal logging is largely due to Brazils lack of an effective policy to protect indigenous lands. Protestors confronted President Dilma Rousseff last week at the opening of the Indigenous Games in Palmas over a law under discussion that would give the Brazilian Congress the power to delineate the borders of indigenous lands. The communities have argued that such a law would strip their government bodies of authority and instead transfer it to Brazils notoriously corrupt government. 