2015-10-20 NEW YORK, Oct. 20, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Packed full of engaging and appealing seasonal offerings, Winter's Delights is Quadriga Consort's new album and welcome addition to Yuletide. English composer and poet Thomas Campion (15671620) famously wrote 'Summer hath his joys and Winter his delights,' and the consort has taken this memorable line as its starting point for this attractive collection of popular and lesser-known winter melodies. The album includes traditional English carols such as "The First Nowell," "The Three Kings" and "O Come, O Come, Emmanuel," together with Scottish tunes such as "Gloomy Winter," "The Traveller Benighted in Snow" and "Leanabh an Aigh" (The Blessed Child), better known in recent years as the hit song "Morning has Broken." From Ireland comes the traditional jig "A Merry Christmas" as well as the medley consisting of "Early in the Morning" (trad. hornpipe) / "The Ivy Leaf" (trad. reel) / "Christmas Comes But Once A Year" (trad. jig). Nova Scotia beckons with "The Stormy Scenes of Winter" and France happily presents "Noel Nouvelet  Sing We Now of Christmas." There is a charm and freshness to this unconventional edition and, most importantly, a sense of joy and delight in music-making that cannot fail to cheer and lift the spirits, even on the bleakest of winter nights. Eagerly anticipated, Winter's Delights follows on the consort's previous best-selling album On A Cold Winter's Day (888837615822).  www.quadriga-consort.at Quadriga Consort: Elisabeth Kaplan  Voice; Angelika Huemer  Recorders, Viola da Gamba; Karin Silldorff  Recorders; Dominika Teufel  Viola da Gamba; Philipp Comploi  Basse de Violon; Laurenz Schiffermueller  Percussion; Nikolaus Newerkla  Harpsichord, Arrangements, Direction Tracklist: Album Buy Links:iTunes - http://smarturl.it/qc-wintersdelAmazon - http://smarturl.it/qc-wintersdel-cdSpotify - http://smarturl.it/qc-wintersdel-spfy Media Contacts:Angela Barkan / Larissa Slezak  Sony Music Masterworks Angela.Barkan@sonymusic.com Larissa.Slezak@sonymusic.com 212-833-8575 / 6075 Christina Jensen, Christina Jensen PRP: 646.536.7864 x1 | christina@christinajensenpr.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-acclaimed-quadriga-consort-presents-winters-delights-300161636.html SOURCE  Sony BMG Masterworks 