2015-10-18 REDWOOD CITY, Calif., Oct. 18, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --LIFX, makers of the world's brightest color Wi-Fi enabled smart light bulbs, today announced their new Color 1000 bulb, encouraging consumers to "Find their color." LIFX have introduced the next generation in stylish light bulbs. The new smaller A19 sized Color 1000 will fit in more light fixtures while maintaining its position as the most bright (1055 lumens) and also most energy efficient smart bulb in the connected home space. It also has everything consumers have come to expect including millions of colors, 1000 shades of white, without the need for a hub or extra hardware. "As the DIY home decorating movement has grown, so too have the associated costs," said Marc Alexander, CEO of LIFX. He continued, "With the new LIFX Color 1000 you can put down the paintbrush and control your color via an app at a fraction of the cost of buying new materials." With a new lower price point, LIFX's Color 1000 is the perfect light choice for the savvy DIY householder, the smart-home aficionado, and even the creative college student.  Combined with an intuitive and gorgeous app (available on iOS, Apple Watch, Android and Windows) LIFX gives you the power to choose colors, create your favorite scenes and use schedules to set your ideal lighting automatically.  You can now talk to your LIFX Color 1000. Thanks to Cortana (Windows 10) and Alexa (Amazon Echo) you can ask LIFX lights to brighten up when your hands are full or fill the room with your favorite evening colors.  With built in Wi-Fi, the LIFX Color 1000 is simple to install, always enabled, and ready to provide a full connected home experience. LIFX is committed to be the easiest to use, most seamlessly integrated product you own. Whether connecting to Google Nest, Logitech's Harmony Remote, Samsung's SmartThings, and/or IFTTT, they have you covered. Monitor motion, moisture and events around your home. Secure your house while on vacation. Automatically control your lights while listening to music or staying in for a movie night. All this is possible with LIFX and our growing list of partners. To top it off, the LIFX Color 1000 will be the world's first color bulb certified 'Designed for AllSeen' an alliance to future-proof the Internet of Things allowing cross connectivity with millions of devices globally including Windows 10 enabled devices. The LIFX Color 1000 sports a slim A19 form factor increasing its compatibility with existing lighting features and utilizes feature-rich, low-power Wi-Fi LIFX technology. It's the 4th lighting product from the Silicon Valley-backed startup who skyrocketed to success with its 2013 crowdfunding campaign. LIFX also announced plans to extend the product family further by 2016. One stand-alone LIFX Color 1000 is enough for you to start living your life in the color of your choice. LIFX bulbs are available online and in retail across USA, Europe and Australia. The Color 1000 will be available in stores in time for Halloween. LIFX asks for all Media and Press enquiries to be directed to: http://www.lifx.com/pages/press-enquiry Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151015/277539   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-new-lifx-color-1000-bulb---bringing-color-into-your-world-300160925.html SOURCE  LIFX 