2015-10-19 LONDON, October 19, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Britain's largest online supermarket Ocado have topped Voice of the Customer specialist eDigitalResearch's eRetail Digital Benchmark for the first time thanks to their excellent end-to-end digital customer experience. eDigitalResearch have been benchmarking the ever-growing digital customer experience field since 1999. The eRetail Digital Benchmark measures and assesses the entire end-to-end digital experience - from the homepage to making a purchase and customer service - for fifteen of the UK's leading retailers. Traditionally within the eRetail Digital benchmark grocers have scored poorly. However, thanks to Ocado's inspiring, clutter free homepage and intuitive keyword search they have become one of the first grocers to top the benchmark since its launch fifteen years ago. Features such as personalisation, reliable delivery and an extensive range of products means shoppers rate Ocado highly on both desktop and mobile. Elsewhere in the benchmark scores were close as ASOS and AO.com claim the second and third spots respectively in the overall multichannel league table. Amazon lead the way in mobile with a top score of 89% thanks to their excellent keyword search, informative product pages and extensive customer reviews. Our insight into emotional reaction across the customer journey reveals how much great delivery can help brands stand out from the competition. With this in mind delivery and customer contact is fast becoming a key focus area for retailers. Steve Brockway, Chief Operating Officer, comments, "With a the number of UK online shoppers growing year-on-year retailers need to ensure their back end processes such as delivery and customer contact are able to deal with demand. A good user experience is now more than ever, the only way brands can differentiate themselves from their competitors". Download your copy of the eRetail Digital benchmark results and league tables: https://edigitalsurvey.com/survey/enter/s/ESV-325315240 About eDigitalResearch  eDigitalResearch is the leading provider of SaaS Voice of the Customer programmes & empower businesses to make critical decisions through customer insight. By combining our proprietary technology with focused insight and thought leadership, we're able to provide a truly unique solution - from real-time closed-loop customer feedback to Panels and Communities. SOURCE  eDigitalResearch 