2015-10-26 LOS ANGELES, Oct. 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Looking at Sascha today, one can see a man who is accomplished, successful and in every word  achieved the American Dream. But for Sascha, life did not begin easy, in fact life began with Sascha being very disabled and having a condition called spina bifida, hydrocephaly and Arnold Chiari II. Essentially, these disabilities should have left him in a wheelchair and mentally disabled, but he overcame. This meant for a long time that he had to overcome numerous hurdles just to keep up with the other students at school. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151026/280623  Today however, he holds numerous degrees and certifications from INSEAD, IMD and the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies in Geneva. But rewind back when his life was still beginning, and one would think being born disabled could be enough of a hurdle to overcome, but Sascha also underwent severe mental abuse for 34 years of his life from his Mother who then committed suicide against him, in June 2013. She did this to ruin the rest of his life. His father died when he was just 16. These were just a few of the challenges he overcame very successfully in every way in his life. Again Sascha had to mentally decide not to be the victim, but through his struggles decided to become victorious. He permanently chose love over hate. Sascha was able to overcome all of his challenges and become victorious in his life. He did this in a personal manner, as well as in politics, business and academically. Today, Sascha with his wife by his sideis promoting his book series From Victim to Victory and how anyone can survive anything that is thrown at them. From Victim to Victory is now available on Amazon Worldwide, and is currently in discussions for distribution of his book in 35 countries around the world. In a world filled with doubt, hostility and high suicide rates, Sascha with his wife Jemima is combating the negative trends of society, with a strong social message in a world that craves a power couple such as them. Combine a business acumen, personal struggles, true victories and a success story and Sascha and his wife Jemima are the true meaning of the phrase  The American Dream. Sascha is currently taking opportunities for speaking engagements, brand ambassador opportunities, board-level positions, and media interviews. Contact Paul Dawson for Media Relations. Media Relations:  Paul DawsonEthium Group Pty LtdTel.: 818-917-9412Email: pauld@ethium.com.au To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sascha-gorokhoff-authors-new-book-from-victim-to-victory-300166377.html SOURCE  Sascha Gorokhoff 