2015-10-14 The hotel booking site Amazon Destinationshas reached the end of its six-month journey. The venture, embarked upon by the world's largest e-commerce website,hoped to get customers to plan weekend getaways and expand on some of Amazon'sother services. The site was introduced in Apriland looked to extend a previously started initiative to connect shoppers with dealsclose to home. That service, known as Amazon Local, advertises discounts on things like massages and spas, restaurants and training courses, and is still running. "We have learned a lot and have decided to discontinue Amazon Destinations," the company said in a statement Wednesday, according to Bloomberg. Reservations stopped being sold Tuesday, though reservations previously made will be honored, the site said. The closure was first noticed by the retailer's hometown newspaper, the Seattle Times. Amazon Expands Its Travel Site Amazon Destinations To San Francisco, Houston, And Atlanta Metr http://t.co/A7BogiLEoQ pic.twitter.com/z4icUZyP6f 	&mdash; Lucile Jasper (@MatisovaValera) September 30, 2015  The idea of the site was to convince Amazon users to take weekend trips to popular locations like Los Angeles and New Yorkor, more specifically, destinations within driving distance from the user's home. It helped find hotels around Seattle, the Southeast United States, the Texas Gulf Coast, Northern California and Boston, as well. Google also has a search function for travel planning. This wasn't the first timeAmazon had hoped to get its customers traveling, according to Tech Crunch. Previously, the retailer had used Amazon Local to offer flash sales on hotel stays in the area. Reservations will no longer be offered in the Amazon Local appnow that Destinations is closed off for good. In creating the website, the tech giant, which is worth around $257 billion, was an attempt to take on some of the now-traditional travel booking websites. ThoseincludePriceline, which is worth around $68 billion, and Expedia, which is worth around $16.5 billion. 