2015-10-14 EAST MONTPELIER, Vt., Oct. 14, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Green Frog Publishing is honored to announce the debut of The 143rd in Iraq by up-and-coming author Marc Youngquist. The 143rd in Iraq is the 2003-2004 historical account of a National Guard MP Company's attempt to recruit, train and prepare an Iraqi Police Force while fighting an insurgency. From training for desert conditions in upstate New York in the dead of winter (without winter gear), to driving through the night into the morning, trying to find Baghdad (using pieces of a map puzzle), to entering war zones without the required soldiers, weapons or ammunition, Marc Youngquist shares how the 143rd Military Police Company did what they could to fulfill their mission in spite of it all. "When Presidents, Secretaries of Defense, Ambassadors, and Generals make decisions and give orders, soldiers make these orders happenone on one, boots on the ground, one day at a time, with what they have," explains Master Sergeant Youngquist. "Lofty goals are admirable, but when an order is given without ensuring that your soldiers have the means and support to carry the orders out, simply assuming that they will 'get it done,' you are doing your country and soldiers a great disservice." According to Major Robert E. Henry, Judge Advocate and Military Instructor, CGSC, "MSG Youngquist has again provided invaluable service to our nation with this book. His ability to relate personnel, equipment and training to mission requirements makes The 143rd in Iraq a must read for military professionals and civilian leaders alike. MSG Youngquist's real life experiences accurately describe the challenges leaders face today. I wish I had had this book when I was teaching in ROTC." With over 40 years experience in the military, law enforcement, and special investigations, Marc has served in the Marines, the Army Reserve and the National Guard. Marc holds a Masters Degree in Criminal Justice, and is a graduate of the FBI National Academy. The 143rd in Iraq retails for $24.99 paperback (available from Amazon), and $14.99 epub (for Kindle and iBooks). Founded in 2011, Green Frog Publishing is an independent publishing company in East Montpelier Vermont.  Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151008/275385  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mp-companys-historical-attempt-to-train-iraqi-police-released-300158136.html SOURCE  Green Frog Publishing 