2015-10-19 NEW YORK and HONG KONG, Oct. 19, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Agua Brands, the maker of Agua Energy Water and Agua Fruit Essence, today announces an investment by Horizons Ventures, the private investment arm of Mr. Li Ka Shing. The strategic investment by the Hong Kong investor will provide Agua Brands with support and access to a broad international distribution footprint. The Company's President, Michael Venuti, believes that by joining forces with Horizons Ventures, "The brand will have a tremendous platform and international presence working as partners with a global powerhouse whose brand and Technology investments have shown internationally acclaimed success." The amount of the investment and other transaction details were not disclosed.  The investment will kick-start Agua's international expansion plans, beginning in Asia - the perfect launch market to introduce a healthier pick-me-up energy beverage. The Company founders, former vitaminwater executives, are the innovative pioneers behind the creation of the first no-gimmick, healthy, low-calorie and hydrating energy water beverages derived from a natural source of caffeine, the guarana berry. "Agua's management team brings a wealth of experience in developing and marketing innovative beverages in the U.S.," said Chris Lai of Horizons Ventures. "We believe our partnership brings together all the right elements to build a global beverage company that provides healthy beverages to the consumer."  Agua Brands launched in 2012 with a brand mission to create healthier solutions within existing beverage categories and carving space for contemporary groupings of healthy refreshments in the much needed beverage world. The Energy Water line is vibrantly packaged and available in Tea & Lemonade, Kiwi Strawberry, Fruit Punch, Orange Passion and Pomegranate Acai and each bottle contains about the same amount of caffeine as your morning cup of joe. The recently launched zero-calorie Fruit Essence line is packed with electrolytes and is an easy alternative to your eight cups of water a day, finally making hydration flavorfully fun in six enhancing fruit variations. The Horizons Ventures partnership will allow for healthier beverages to be available worldwide. About Agua Brands Agua Brands was launched in 2012 by founder Dr. Carol Dollard, Ph.D., former Chief Operating Officer of Glacau (vitaminwater), and former Glacau CFO Michael Venuti, who serves as President. She and Venuti drew on their experience with enhanced waters and energy drinks to introduce a new beverage category for health-minded consumers. Agua brands is currently available at Fairway Market, select Shop-Rite and Kroger locations, Amazon and independent retailers. For more information, please visit www.drinkagua.com, Facebook.com/aguaenerviva, Twitter.com/drinkagua and Instagram.com/drinkagua.  About Horizons Ventures The private investment arm of Mr. Li Ka-Shing, Horizons Ventures is a leading investor in some of the world's most innovative companies and disruptive technologies, including Facebook, Waze, Spotify, Impossible Foods, Hampton Creek, and Celsius. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151016/277911  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/agua-brands-joins-forces-with-international-powerhouse-horizons-ventures-300161555.html SOURCE  Agua Brands 