2015-10-19 MIAMI, Oct. 19, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --For what became really popular in 2006 when it first hit shelves as an internet marketing product, The Rich Jerk is now making a comeback in 2015 with an online affiliate marketing training course that covers an array of topics and consists of video tutorials and PDF modules. It is stated that The Rich Jerk is how many inexperienced people first got into online affiliate marketing and made successful careers based on what they learned from the training course. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151019/278454 Unlike anything expected, all RJ'ssecrets for making 6 figures per month with onlinemarketing are now available to members - and it is changing the face of internetmarketing. >>> Watch The Controversial Sales Page Video That is Making All The Buzz. The course consists of four modules in total. With Part 1 being Ninja SEO Training, Part 2 being Facebook Marketing, Part 3 being Launch Jacking Gone Wild and Part 4 being a bonus section for every other topic related to online affiliate marketing. With Ninja SEO training, even people with no background in SEO will learn about legit search engine optimization and how to practically implement it for a profitable business. The Facebook Marketing module has been created by an experienced Facebook marketing expert who is making up to $400,000 a month with Facebook. With the third module covering the art of Launch jacking, the fourth part covers stuff like owning a successful Amazon store, Email marketing and tee shirt campaigns etc. Here is what Jeff Lenney, a marketing reviewer, had to say about Rich Jerk in a review, "RJ and the people behind The Rich Jerk product are nothing less than brilliant. You're not going to get rich overnight and work is required  but I promise you it's worth it," he added, "The very same SEO training you'll be learning is what's been responsible for me personally making up to $150,000 per month in 2015." >>> Watch What 5 Top internetMarketers Have to Say AboutThe Rich Jerk (End of video) The face of the product is the Rich Jerk himself! Also known as RJ, here is what he had to say about the 2015 Rich Jerk online affiliate marketing training course in an official statement, "People around the globe are making big bucks with online affiliate marketing. With the Rich Jerk program, many new people have been introduced to the world of online affiliate marketing and they now make thousands of dollars every day and we believe that anyone can. It's not an overnight miracle but it is the real deal and the people who have tried it speak for themselves." Currently priced at $497, the training course is available at Rich Jerk Website To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-rich-jerk-review-exposes-rjs-secret-of-making-6-figures-per-month-with-its-2015-online-marketing-training-course-300162442.html SOURCE  The Rich Jerk Review 