2015-10-19 BEIRUT, October 19, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Al Wadi Al Akhdar has released Rose Water and Orange Blossom Water, a range of natural flower-flavored waters that will add a Middle Eastern flavor to your meals and desserts. Al Wadi Al Akhdar, the leading Lebanese food brand worldwide, has released a 100% all-natural range of waters that will take your meals and desserts to the next level.  (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151019/278159 ) With Rose Water and Orange Blossom Water, you can now give your recipes a Middle Eastern twist any time of the year. Rose Water and Orange Blossom Water are just two of over 200 offerings from Al Wadi Al Akhdar. Rose Water is a unique ingredient used in pastry making to aromatize various preparations or to add a sprinkle over cakes and milky puddings. When added to your salad dressings, fruit cocktails, and lemonades, it provides a dash of flavor. You can also drizzle it on your chicken, kofta, and lamb marinades for an original Eastern Mediterranean taste. Orange Blossom Water is a very subtle fragrance used in pastry making and Eastern Mediterranean desserts. Mix it in with your dish to give it a scented twist, or add it to biryani, barbecue lamb chops, and beetroot salad for an original taste. Is your mouth watering yet? Then it's time to try Al Wadi Al Akhdar Rose Water and Orange Blossom Water, both on sale at Amazon.com. About Al Wadi Al Akhdar Bringing a genuine flavor to Middle Eastern cuisine, Al Wadi Al Akhdar has always had the mission of continuously making top quality food and authentic tastes that suit consumers around the globe, and offering a wide selection of varieties that fulfill consumers' preferences. With Lebanese food seeing a spike in popularity in every corner of the world thanks to its delicious taste and broad range of flavors, Al Wadi Al Akhdar provides Middle Eastern cuisine lovers with traditional food, quality and consistency, not to mention recipes that they can enjoy, again and again. You can try our Orange Blossom and Rose Water to make Ashtalieh, a popular Mediterranean cream pudding made of ashta, the Arabic word for cream. Check out the recipe below and enjoy this appetizing dessert! Ingredients  4 cups milk  1 cup cream  3 tbsp corn flour   cup Al Wadi Al Akhdar Rose Water   cup Al Wadi Al Akhdar Orange Blossom Water  Pistachios (ground) and almonds (halved) to decorate  Honey to drizzle Preparation  In a large pot, put 3 cups of milk and bring to a boil.  Dilute the corn flour in the rest of milk and add it to the boiling milk, stirring constantly for about 10 minutes.  Add the cream and whisk for another 5 minutes.  Remove from heat. Add Orange Blossom Water and Rose Water.  Pour evenly in single serving bowls and refrigerate.  Before serving, drizzle honey on top Stay Updated For more delicious recipes and offerings, visit Al Wadi Al Akhdar website and social media pages. http://www.alwadi-alakhdar.com/blog/ https://instagram.com/alwadialakhdar/ https://www.facebook.com/alwadialakhdar/ https://www.pinterest.com/alwadialakhdar/ Contact:
Al Wadi Al Akhdar
Tel: +961-1-898755
Email: social@alwadi-alakhdar.com
Web: http://www.alwadi.com SOURCE  Al Wadi Al Akhdar 