2015-11-04 SEATTLE, Nov. 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Sirqul, Inc., pronounced "circle", today announced $5 million in Series A funding from both institutional and Angel investors. Participating in the round are a plethora of technology leaders and people connected to the Pacific Northwest, Silicon Valley, and Asia. Investors include: Rudy Gadre (Amazon.com, Facebook, and Alliance of Angels), Owen Van Natta (Amazon.com, Facebook COO, Myspace CEO, Zynga COO), Ray Chen (CEO Compal Electronics), Tripp Blair (Where/Paypal, Motorola, and Sun), Xiang Gao (Gome.com.cn CEO and Senior Partner Cybernaut Investment of China), and Rick Dalzell (former CIO of Amazon.com, Walmart, and AOL Board member). Other investors include leaders within online search, gaming, and location-based commerce companies. Another set of committed investors will soon enter the A-1 round, as Sirqul has left it open for strategic investment from companies interested in leveraging the localized versions of the platform in the US and throughout Asia. "We are proud of the platform and services that we have been able to build, license, and make available to startups, enterprises, and device manufacturers," said Robert Frederick, founder and CEO of Sirqul. "We are especially excited about working with incubators interested in leveraging our 68 services, 324 APIs, and 'skinnable' recipes/apps that can be installed on iOS, Android, and other supported device platforms. There's no need to recreate the wheel and all our services work together cohesively to create a solution that enables founders to get up and running within days vs. months or years." About SirqulHeadquartered in Seattle, WA, Sirqul is led by Robert Frederick, one of the original technical founders of Amazon Anywhere (Amazon's first foray into Secure Mobile Commerce) and Amazon Web Services (AWS). Sirqul's platform and patented technologies enable Internet of Things (IoT) device manufacturers and cloud enabled application ecosystem owners to rapidly create dynamic mobile experiences, maximize customer loyalty, and generate revenue from new offerings. Along with APIs, Sirqul offers multiple dashboards that offer an online interface to manage location-based services, delivery algorithms, product offerings, mobile transactions, telemetry, analytics, big data, geo-fences, mesh networks, real-time bidding systems, storage, audience behavior and notifications, service orchestration, and dynamic application configurations. Visit Sirqul's developer website (http://dev.sirqul.com) or contact sales@sirqul.com to learn more about the Sirqul platform and white-label mobile offerings. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sirqul-inc-announces-series-a-funding-in-conjunction-with-version-3141-of-their-rapid-application--iot-platform-services-300172416.html SOURCE  Sirqul, Inc. 