2015-10-20 GLENWILLOW, Ohio, Oct. 20, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- There are lots of questions on football game days. Are we going to win? Where are we watching the game? Will there be food and drinks? And how early can we start the party? Kristin Cavallari is a wife of an NFL player who knows the game day excitement all too well. When she isn't watching her hubby from the stands at Soldier Field, she is often the one playing host to her family and friends. With a busy lifestyle of balancing her work as a designer, actress, TV host, mother, wife and, now, author, time is limited. The family of Hoover Cordless vacuums helps Kristin stay in front of every mess and focus on what's really important  family, work and football! To check out the Hoover Cordless Family, visit www.Hoover.com.  Experience the interactive Multimedia News Release here: http://www.multivu.com/players/English/7589252-hoover-cordless-kristin-cavallari-game-day/ It seems that most football fans follow the same cycle throughout the season: clean, host, clean, repeat. Hoover Cordless vacuums are the perfect solution to the full-house cleanup before guests arrive and for the quick pick-ups throughout the party. By cutting the cord, the Hoover Cordless Family has cut the hassle of plugging and unplugging a vacuum from room to room or having to pull out a large vacuum for one simple spill.  "For me, time is at a minimum with so much going on," Cavallari explains. "The Cordless line allows me to get through my quick blitz before guests arrive and get on with making my tasty-yet-healthy game day snacks!" The Hoover Cordless Family has a vacuum for every surface of your home, including furniture, stairs, hardwood, tile and carpet. And the best part about it? The same battery works with all four products in the family. It's all the power you would expect from a Hoover without the hassle of a power cord. The ease of vacuuming with the Cordless line keeps the Cavallari household in front of every mess and lets everyone get back to what matters most. It's difficult to wrap your head around how Cavallari stays organized, fit and on the ball with everything and still manages to pull off the game day party. "It's all about meal preparation, staying ahead of schedules and keeping my home in order," she says. Maintaining a healthy kitchen is also a priority to Cavallari and her family. Even on game day, she likes to put a healthy spin on her fan favorites. One of these is her Spinach Artichoke Dip that calls for coconut milk and leaves out the cheese  it's a must-try! Along with meal prep, she is also sure to have resources on hand to manage the spills and messes that are bound to happen with two little boys and a houseful of guests. Stocking wipes for her countertops and keeping her Hoover Cordless vacuum within reach are among the ways she keeps things stress-free. All that's left is to pull off a win.  Recipe: (will make into a graphic)Spinach Artichoke Dip1 onion, chopped1 14 oz. can artichokes, roughly chopped1 tablespoon garlic, minced4 cups spinach, packed3/4 cup mayo1 can full fat coconut milk, the top fat part onlyJuice of 1 lemon1/4 teaspoon sea salt1/4 teaspoon pepper1 tablespoon arrowroot powder Preheat oven to 350. Sweat onions in large skillet until soft, about 8 minutes. Remove from pan and set aside. In the same pan, add the artichokes and garlic and saut 23 minutes. Add spinach. Stir in the mayo, coconut milk fat, lemon, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil. Add onions back to the pan.Dissolve arrowroot powder in 1 tablespoon of water, and it add to the artichoke mixture. Stir. Pour into a baking dish and bake for about 15 minutes. Serve warm. Hoover Cordless Family: The entire collection of Hoover Cordless cleaning solutions is now available on www.Hoover.com and online at retailers such as HomeDepot.com, Target.com and Amazon.com, giving consumers the ability to truly clean with ultimate convenience. Prices range from $149 to $399.99. Hoover TTI Floor Care is the largest floor care business in North America and includes three of the biggest names in floor care  Hoover, Dirt Devil and Oreck. Hoover was added to the robust portfolio in 2007 and is built on a rich history of innovation, providing reliable cleaning solutions to consumers through a comprehensive line of products for general and special-purpose vacuuming, including full-size uprights and canisters, deep cleaners and hard-floor cleaners and cordless cleaning solutions. About Hoover For more than 100 years, Hoover has designed powerful, easy-to-use products that clean your entire home from floor to ceiling, and even the very air you breathe. That's why we're a household icon and one of the most trusted brands in America  Hoover. Nobody does it like you. The Hoover story began in 1907. Murray Spangler, an inventor who worked nights as a janitor, had an asthma problem. He called upon his inventive creativity to find a solution to the dust that aggravated his asthma as he swept up at night.  Spangler gathered a tin soapbox, a fan, a sateen pillowcase and a broom handle, and assembled an odd-looking, cumbersome contraption that managed to pull the dust away from the air he breathed. He quickly realized that this "suction sweeper," as he called it, had enormous sales potential, and he began seeking financial backing. W.H. "Boss" Hoover, owner of a leather goods manufacturing shop, bought the patent from Spangler in 1908, retained him as a partner and soon had six employees assembling six units a day in a corner of the leather goods shop. "Boss" Hoover placed a small ad in the "Saturday Evening Post," offering 10 days' free use of a Hoover suction sweeper to anyone who wrote and requested it. Instead of sending the cleaner directly to the potential customer, he chose a reputable store in each city that customers could purchase from. He allowed store managers to keep any commission from a resulting sale, and then offered the store the opportunity to become a Hoover vacuum dealer. This laid the groundwork for a national dealer network that, to this day, remains an important channel of distribution for Hoover products.  Meanwhile, engineers were designing new and improved methods of cleaning carpet. One of their most noteworthy innovations was the beater bar, introduced in 1926, which was the basis for one of the most memorable advertising slogans in history: "It beats, as it sweeps, as it cleans." Aided by strong suction, the metal bar gently tapped the carpet to loosen deeply embedded dirt, as a bristle brush rapidly swept dirt up and out of the carpet. Since then, the beater bar has gone through many tweaks and refinements and is still utilized in most Hoover vacuum cleaners today. Countless other "firsts" have been developed by Hoover engineers over the years to give consumers the most innovative and convenient features available. These include the disposable paper bag, the vacuum cleaner headlight, the self-propelled feature and the side-mounted hose feature. Today, Hoover is part of TTI Floor Care North America, headquartered in Glenwillow, Ohio. As a leader in the floor-care industry, Hoover manufactures quality, high-performance vacuum cleaners for home and commercial settings. Since 1908, consumers and businesses have trusted Hoover to provide reliable, innovative cleaning solutions. Hoover offers a comprehensive line of products for general and special-purpose vacuuming, including full-size uprights and canisters, deep cleaners and hard-floor cleaners. About TTI Floor Care North America In 2007, Techtronic Industries Co. Ltd. (TTI) acquired the Hoover floor care business from Whirlpool Corporation. Adding the iconic Hoover brand to TTI's portfolio created TTI Floor Care North America, at inception, the largest floor care company in North America. TTI Floor Care North America is dedicated to becoming an industry leader in every floor care category. TTI's principle areas of business are power tools, outdoor power equipment, floor care appliances, solar-powered lighting and electronic measuring products. This industry giant, headquartered in Hong Kong, maintains a customer servicing network in North America, Europe and Australia, and currently employs more than 23,000 people worldwide. Learn more at www.ttifloorcare.com For more information contact: Hailie Meyer 312.784.8570 Hailie.Meyer@noble.net      To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cordless-is-key-when-kristin-cavallari-balances-game-day-300162397.html SOURCE  Hoover 