2015-10-14 BERLIN, Oct. 14, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- After unveiling its strategic partnership with Cyanogen on August 21st, ZUK, a Lenovo company, has began selling the Z1 international version in European markets starting October 13th. The handset is available in Spain, Italy, France, UK, and Germany via Amazon online stores with promotion price at EUR 299.99, and has achieved great success at the flash sale events on Amazon Italy and Germany websites. Designed for on-the-go power users, the ZUK Z1 comes preloaded with Cyanogen OS 12.1. Optimized for performance and equipped with the latest high-end hardware, the ZUK Z1 features a Snapdragon 801 processor, 3GB of RAM, and 64GB storage. With such a competitive price, the ZUK Z1 will be the most cost-effective, high-performance phone in the market.  Other standout features of the Z1 include the latest fingerprint sensor technology -- FPC's touch fingerprint sensor FPC1155. This sensor supports 360-degree finger rotation capability and provides fast response time. The ZUK Z1 is the world's first mobile phone that supports the USB 3.0 standard Type-C. The 3.0 standard enables 5Gbps data transmission -- 10x's faster than USB 2.0. In addition, the ZUK Z1:  Regarding the camera, the ZUK Z1 comes with a 13 megapixel rear camera featuring Largent lenses and a professional OIS optical image stabilization system. After 2,400 hours of painstaking tuning, the camera is ready for use in 0.5 seconds. The 8 megapixel front camera and the newly designed facial beautification optimization feature can bring out the best in any image. Regarding sound, the ZUK Z1 comes with Dirac's latest sound optimization solution for small speakers. This maximizes the potential of a small transducer to reproduce the best sound quality possible at the highest volume with minimum distortion. For ZUK, of all the elements that go into the design, the feel of a phone in the user's hands is the most important. The Z1's central metal frame is made of aviation aluminum alloy, uses 16 different CNC programs, and involves 209 processes. The phone is sturdy, while a complex sand blasting process gives it a delicate touch. From a software experience, Cyanogen OS delivers a number of advanced features across camera, audio, dialer, email and calendar. New in Cyanogen OS 12.1, LiveDisplay intelligently adjusts the brightness and contrast of the screen. Cyanogen also introduces a new browser, delivering search results faster and more securely than leading browsers.  Since early October, ZUK has been rolling out product in Southeast Asia, Europe, and the Middle East -- in most cases via online collaboration. Judging from the configuration, performance, appearance, and price, the ZUK Z1 international version competes handsomely with all similar devices on the market. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zuk-z1-now-sold-in-europe-via-amazon-powered-by-cyanogen-os-300159403.html SOURCE  ZUK 