2015-10-27 SAN RAFAEL, Calif., and STOCKHOLM, Oct. 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Leading and award-winning developer and publisher of digital entertainment Telltale Games, and world-renowned game developer Mojang, today announced that Minecraft: Story Mode - A Telltale Games Series is now available in stores across North America and will be available in Europe starting Friday October 30th. Also available starting this week, the highly-anticipated Episode Two: Assembly Required will be available for download on consoles, PC/Mac, and mobile devices. Minecraft: Story Mode  A Telltale Games Series season pass disc is available at retail in North America starting today for the suggested MSRP of $29.99 USD or equivalent, and will be available in Europe on Friday, October 30th. Available platforms include Xbox One, Xbox 360, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3 in North America; as well as PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, Xbox One and Xbox 360 in Europe. The retail edition of Minecraft: Story Mode ships with the premiere episode 'The Order of the Stone' on the disc, and will grant access to the subsequent four episodes in the season as they become available to download via online updates, including immediate access to this week's second episode, 'Assembly Required.' "Premiering 'Minecraft: Story Mode' this month, we've been overjoyed by the reception from both the Minecraft community and fans of Telltale across the world diving into the all-ages adventure and making key decisions that will craft their own stories throughout the rest of the season," said Kevin Bruner, CEO and Co-Founder of Telltale Games. "This week, we're happy to offer the game on a special disc at retailers worldwide, including access to the thrilling second episode, 'Assembly Required,' which will feel like a completely different chapter for players depending on their paths taken in episode one." The series is also available digitally worldwide on PC and Mac from the Telltale Online Store, Steam, and other digital distribution services, on the PlayStationNetwork for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 3, and on the Xbox Games Store for Xbox One and Xbox 360. The season is also available for compatible iOS devices via the App Store and for compatible Android-based devices via Google Play and the Amazon Appstore. The series will also be coming to Wii U for download and for PlayStation Vita.  In Minecraft: Story Mode, playing as either a male or female hero named 'Jesse,' you'll embark on a perilous adventure across the Overworld, through the Nether, to the End, and beyond. You and your friends revere the legendary Order of the Stone: Warrior, Redstone Engineer, Griefer, and Architect; slayers of the Ender Dragon. While at EnderCon in hopes of meeting Gabriel the Warrior, Jesse's friends discover that something is wrong... something dreadful. Terror is unleashed, and you must set out on a quest to find The Order of the Stone if you are to save your world from oblivion. The season will featurePatton Oswaltas male Jesse,Catherine Taberas female Jesse,Brian Posehn, Ashley Johnson, Scott Porter, Martha Plimpton, Dave Fennoy, Corey Feldman, Billy West, John Hodgman,andPaul Reubens. Minecraft: Story Mode - A Telltale Games Series  Season Pass Discis rated 'E10+' (Everyone 10+) for Fantasy Violence and Mild Language by the ESRB. Future content in the season is yet to be rated by the ESRB. The series is published by Telltale Games in partnership with Mojang. For more information on Telltale Games, visitthe official website,Facebook, and follow @TelltaleGames onTwitter. For more information on Mojang, visitthe official website, follow@Mojangand @MinecraftonTwitter, and like Minecraft onFacebook. About Mojang Mojang is a Microsoft owned game studio based in Stockholm, Sweden. We're responsible for the relatively popular video game, Minecraft. More recently, we released Scrolls; it's nothing like Minecraft, but also fun to play. We're also publishing Cobalt, an upcoming game from Oxeye Game Studio; it'll include lots of robots performing slow-mo combat rolls. About Telltale, Inc. Telltale is a leading and award-winning independent developer and publisher of games for every major interactive platform from home consoles and PC to mobile and tablet devices, and is the pioneer of the episodic delivery of digital gaming content. By successfully developing games as an episodic series and frequently releasing in the format of a game season, they create longer consumer engagement than traditional games for each release. Founded in 2004 by games industry veterans with decades of experience, Telltale has quickly become an industry leader with numerous honors and awards from the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences, BAFTA, SXSW, the IMGA, and more, as well as being named Studio of the Year across multiple years. Telltale's reputation for quality has been established across more than two dozen different product releases over the years with recognition and acclaim from publications like IGN, The New York Times, and Variety, including over 100 "Game of the Year" awards from publications like USA Today, Yahoo! Games, Wired, Spike TV VGAs, E!, Official Xbox Magazine, The Telegraph, Metacritic, and more. Telltale is a fully licensed third party publisher on consoles from Microsoft, Sony, and Nintendo, and also publishes games on the PC, Mac, iOS, and Android-based platforms. For more information visitwww.telltalegames.com. Press Release  2015 Telltale, Inc. TELLTALE GAMES CONTACT: Job J. Stauffer // Telltale Games // jstauffer@telltalegames.com  MOJANG CONTACT: Owen Hill // Mojang // owen@mojang.com   Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151026/280783  Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151026/280782  Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151026/280784 Video - https://youtu.be/STyZwQxUvQs   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/minecraft-story-mode---a-telltale-games-series-now-available-in-stores-300166676.html SOURCE  Telltale, Inc. 