2015-10-21 BOCA RATON, Fla., Oct. 21, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- International medical technology company, ARC Devices Ltd. (arcdevices.com), is revolutionizing vital sign measurement through a unique brand of non-touch, digital infrared thermometers. With offices in the US, UK, and Ireland, ARC Devices has focused its efforts around the desire to efficiently minimize cross-contamination, reduce costs, save time, and most importantly, improve patient outcomes and experience at the point-of-care. The company's groundbreaking non-touch vital sign monitoring hardware80 percent of which is developed in the Republic of Irelandcurrently exists in the form of two core products: the ARC InstaTemp for home use and the ARC InstaTemp MD for clinical use. Each allows home and professional caregivers to take fast and accurate temperature readings without the need for contact. "The ARC InstaTemp is a must-have for any parent or home caregiver. A simple point and click gives an instant, accurate temperature reading without any contact or the need to disturb the patient," said Chairman and CEO Irwin Gross. The ARC InstaTemp is currently available at Costco, Albertson's, Rite Aid, Kroger, Safeway, Amazon, and QVC. ARC's clinical device, the ARC InstaTemp MD allows medical professionals to take precise core body temperature readings without the need to touch the patient or worry about the degradation of accuracy. While other thermometers can drift out of accuracy over time, the ARC InstaTemp MD is accurate for the life of device based on a tested battery life of 13,000 measurements. This is made possible by the device's System on Chip (S.o.C.) technology, which has been clinically proven to accurately measure core body temperature within +/- 0.4 degree Fahrenheit (0.2 degrees Celsius). By eliminating the need for expensive probe covers, consumables, and the disposal of medical waste, The ARC InstaTemp MD gives clinical environments the opportunity for huge cost savings while further minimizing the risk of cross-contamination. Gross says that for ARC Devices, temperature is only the beginning. "We're developing devices that measure more than just temperature so that people at home can measure and monitor their own vital signs, then send that information directly to their medical professional. Essentially, new hardware for telemedicine, it is very exciting stuff." For more product information, check the ARC Devices website at arcdevices.com. Contact:Elizabeth GrossDirector of Corporate Communications for ARC DevicesLiz.gross@arcdevices.com Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151021/279398LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/arc-devices-ltd-changing-the-way-we-take-our-temperature-300164289.html SOURCE  ARC Devices 