2015-11-03 LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --San Francisco-based developer Trumark Urban has released the first suite of images depicting life at TEN50, the luxury 25-story high-rise residential building under development in downtown Los Angeles' dynamic South Park district, set to open in October 2016. The new visuals highlight the building's stunning architecture and reveal a thoughtfully curated array of amenities that culminates at "The Fifty," an exquisitely designed approximately 13,000 square foot indoor/outdoor lounge that flows seamlessly from the resort-style pool to the therapeutic yoga garden with sweeping city views. "We're excited to share a first glimpse of the unique lifestyle that future residents of TEN50 will enjoy upon completion of the building next year," said Mark Higgins, Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing at Trumark Urban. "Amidst a plethora of new mega projects under development in Downtown, TEN50 offers a truly tailored homeownership experience, more reminiscent of a boutique hotel than anything else available in the market for full ownership."  Positioned on the 6th floor, The Fifty will converge with a state-of-the-art fitness center, intimate screening room, private dining room for hosting events, conference center and the country's first Amazon-ready drone landing pad. The Fifty will also serve as a welcoming backdrop for a series of resident-inspired events, including exclusive dining experiences in 2016. In addition, homeowners will enjoy the convenience of over 5,800 square feet of retail, located on the ground level of TEN50.  Striking a stark balance with the urban environment, TEN50 will also include serene outdoor landscape design by Lifescapes International. The Fifty's outdoor entertainment area, with layers of water-wise plant material creating a tapestry of colors and texture throughout the pool area. Large trees and palms, such as Tree Aloes, Japanese Loquats, Kentia Palms and dozens of Japanese blueberry trees create a beautiful natural wall. The high-style common areas complement the 151 one- and two-bedroom residences and penthouses that feature an unprecedented attention to detail and craftsmanship, a result of Trumark Urban's design collaboration with HansonLA. With a selection of many homes offering floor-to-ceiling windows and private terraces, each individual residence will reflect the heritage of the surrounding neighborhood through a rich color palette and carefully selected materials that exude quality and sophistication. The first new condominium project to be built in Downtown Los Angeles in the past decade, TEN50 will be a reflection of Trumark Urban's forward-thinking dedication to creating impeccable buildings that strengthen surrounding neighborhoods and shape their positive long-term trajectory.  Positioned in the heart of South Park, TEN50's unique location places residents just minutes away from the best L.A. has to offer in art, culture, entertainment and retail along with more than a half million jobs now in the adjacent Financial District. Residents will be within a short walk of L.A. LIVE and downtown's historic core, which offers precisely what urban dwellers seek  art galleries, new bars, lounges and boutique high fashion. Whole Foods has also bought into the rebirth of downtown, with one of their newest concept stores opening just three blocks from TEN50 later this year.  Construction at TEN50 continues with concrete being poured for The Fifty early this month. Sales for TEN50 will commence in early 2016 with the opening of a property-adjacent Sales Gallery that will include residence finishes and virtual interactive displays. For more information, visit http://ten50.la/. About Trumark UrbanTrumark Urbandevelops high-density condominiums and commercial projects in global gateway markets with a focus on core urban neighborhoods close to jobs, transit and local businesses. With offices inSan FranciscoandLos Angeles, the firm has a portfolio of over 1 million square feet representing over$1 billionof investment.www.trumarkurban.com TheTrumark Group of Companiesis a diversified real estate developer and builder with expertise in land acquisition, homebuilding, community design, entitlements and office, R&D and retail development. Trumark has raised more than$460 millionof equity and funded 25 projects since the depth of the recession in 2009.www.trumarkco.com Trumark Homesis a new generation homebuilder that is nimble, focused and unburdened by broken projects of the past. Its pipeline exceeds 2,000 lots in core in-fill areas ofCalifornia, representing more than$2.8 billionin future revenue.www.trumarkhomes.com,TruBlu Blog,Facebook,Twitter,LinkedIn Trumark Communitiesis a residential land development platform focused on acquiring, developing and selling improved lots in master planned communities. Its current pipeline includes three master planned communities with a combined 2,100 lots that represent total projected revenue in excess of$500 million.www.trumarkcommunities.com. Trumark Commercial, which builds, leases and sells commercial buildings, has entitled or developed approximately two million square feet of office, R&D, retail and hotel properties in the northern portion of the Golden State.www.trumarkco.com Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151103/283169  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/trumark-urban-offers-first-look-at-life-inside-the-highly-anticipated-ten50-residences-in-downtown-los-angeles-300171252.html SOURCE  Trumark Urban 