2015-10-19 NEW YORK, Oct. 19, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- You've seen Back to the Future's Marty McFly get around on his futuristic hoverboard. Flash forward to 2015, where, as the official sponsor for the Back in Time world premiere, the filmmakers will be rolling out on Swagways, in true futuristic fashion. While not quite floating on air, Swagway, the hands-free smart board, glides as if one really is floating on air. Built on technology that eliminates reaction time for seamless maneuvering, the Swagway has the ability to pivot and rotate 360 degrees, while the "smart" capability makes it sense the core of the rider and adjusts according to their movement.  To celebrate the 30 year anniversary of the Back to the Future trilogy, filmmakers Jason Aaron, Louis Krubich and Lee Leshen are paying homage with Back in Time, a documentary which takes a look at the very real impact the Back to the Future movies have had on our culture.  Complete with the original cast, including interviews with Stephen Spielberg, Robert Zemeckis and Michael J. Fox, the film promises to not only entertain, but offers "a cinematic monument to the vastness of the trilogy's fandom," explains Aaron. He continues, "Back to the Future is all about futuristic out of the box technology. Swagway is bringing that to the masses right now. For us to be attached to an amazing brand like Swagway, and to have them enable a New York City gala premiere for us, is an honor."  The world premiere will take place on Tuesday, October 20th, at the Sunshine Cinema in New York City.  About Swagway As the original manufacturer of the "hands-free smart board," Swagway combines the fun of a skateboard with the ease of an electric scooter. Swagway revolutionizes the way you travel with its self-balancing, portable technology. This "hands-free smart board" lets you ride up to speeds of 10mph and can be used on multiple terrains. A zero emissions product, Swagway is environmentally friendly and uses only quality components including a hard ABS outer body casing with aluminum wheels, aluminum alloy frame, top-tier Samsung or LG lithium-ion battery and long life rubber tires. Swagway also adheres to all required environmental standards and certifications - UL, FCC, CE, RohS, Prop 65 and UN38.3 and can be customized in partnership with Decalgirl.com. With a max weight limit of 220 lbs., users can travel up to 20 miles per charge. Swagway is also an official sponsor for the NBCF. For more information please visit www.swagway.com. Swagway is available at: Modells sporting goods, Swagway.com, Amazon.com, Evine.com, newegg.com, pcdirect.com and coming soon to Target.com, Walmart.com, Toysrus.com, Bestbuy.com and many others! Get social with Swagway: FB - SwagwayUSA | Instagram - @swagwayusa | Twitter - @swagwayusa  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/swagway-the-hands-free-smart-board-announces-official-sponsorship-for-the-back-in-time-world-premiere-300162017.html SOURCE  Swagway 