2015-10-28 BOCA RATON, Fla., Oct. 28, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Raising Funds for Those in Need this Holiday Season Has Never Been Easier Not-for-profit online shopping App and website enable individuals to generate donations at no additional cost to consumers Shop2Care is a not-for-profit online charitable shopping program that was launched in September of 2014 to impact those in need throughout the United States. This nonprofit entity enables consumers to become philanthropists every time they shop at any one of 1,000 participating online retailer links through shop2care.org or the recently unveiled App, making it easier for consumers to shop and make a difference even when on-the-go. "Shop2Care enables individuals to seamlessly shop through participating retailers on the Shop2Care website or App, and donate 100 percent of the shopping generated retailer rebates to causes they care about," said Mark Asofsky, founder of Shop2Care. He added, "The volume of online purchases during the holiday shopping craze is estimated to be as much as $105 billion nationally. Given that the average donation generated through Shop2Care is 5 percent, even a small percentage of expected holiday web sales would benefit individuals among Shop2Care's five cause categories. Consumers can give back without paying a penny more by making one extra click to their favorite sites through Shop2Care." With the wide variety of participating retailers such as Best Buy, Expedia, Macy's, Walgreens, Amazon and Home Depot, it is likely that individuals are already shopping through these sites so why not access them through Shop2Care. After registering online at www.shop2care.orgor on the App, each shopping generated donation dollar will benefit the carefully vetted agencies Shop2Care has chosen among the following cause categories: health, education, human services, children, and hunger relief. Each person can make a difference, while everyone can make an impact. Consumers can encourage co-workers, family and friends to visit the website or download the Shop2Care App, before they shop online, in order to give back this holiday season and beyond. The recently unveiled App is available free for download on Google Play Store for Android and the App Store for IOS. About Shop2Care Shop2Care was founded in September, 2014. Its mission is to enable everyone to become a philanthropist, generate money for worthy causes, highlight effective nonprofit agencies and exemplify successful social entrepreneurship. Shop2Care's professional philanthropists search for the most effective agencies throughout the U.S. to ensure resources are targeted to create the greatest societal benefit. The organization's operating expenses are entirely underwritten by corporations, private foundations and individuals. More about Shop2Care and its national platform can be found ontheir website at www.shop2care.org. For More Information Contact: Sandra Gomez Obregon~sandra@soyemprendedora.com Phone: 210-591-1564 or 210-459-2280    To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-mobile-app-gives-back-to-non-profits-this-holiday-season-300168340.html SOURCE  Shop2Care 