2015-11-09 DUBLIN, Nov. 09, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --  Research and Markets (http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/h9n7dx/uk_consumer_and) has announced the addition of the "UK Consumer & Small Business Parcels Services: Market Insight Report 2015" report to their offering. This report focuses on a fast-growing segment of the parcels industry: those services designed to carry parcels on behalf of consumers and small businesses, such as eBay or Amazon Marketplace sellers.  We quantify the market segment size, historical growth rates, segmentation patterns and levels of market profitability while reviewing key factors behind these figures.  We also carry out an in-depth analysis of the relevant drivers of industry growth. This includes trends in home shopping, the growth of eBay and its peers and the development, by existing players and new entrants, of new services targeted at this segment.  Leading operators focusing on the consumer / small business segment are profiled, their strategies and positioning are reviewed and their performance and prospects are analysed.  The report sets out historical trends in a data-rich document with over 30 charts and tables.  It contains our forecast scenario for consumer / small business segment growth which is based on analysis of historical trends and our understanding of growth drivers. What are the objectives of this report?  The UK parcels industry has continued to grow, however the traditional business-to-business (B2B) segment is increasingly mature.  To find growth, carriers have had to look first to consumer deliveries (B2C) as home shopping became increasingly important, and now, as marketplaces such as eBay and Amazon continue to grow and increased home shopping leads to ever more returns, to parcels consigned by consumers and small businesses such as eBay sellers (C2X parcels).  The report is intended for parcels carriers and logistics groups, home-shopping retailers, operators of consumer / small business parcels service providers, potential entrants to the segment, investors, banks, analysts, consultants and other parties with interests in the area.  Key Topics Covered:  1. The Consumer and Small Business Consigned Parcels Market  2. Discussion of segment drivers  3. Segment drivers  4. Competitive landscape  5. Operator profiles  6. Forecasts  7. Appendix  Companies Mentioned - Collect+ - myHermes - InPost - UPS Access Point - Ipostparcels - Parcel2Go - Interparcel - Parcel Monkey - eBay- Amazon For more information visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/h9n7dx/uk_consumer_and  Media Contact: Laura Wood , +353-1-481-1716, press@researchandmarkets.net To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/consumer--small-business-parcels-services---united-kingdom-market-insight-report-2015-300174673.html SOURCE  Research and Markets 