2015-11-09 DUBLIN, Nov. 09, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --  Research and Markets (http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/skqmrr/advanced_energy) has announced the addition of the "Advanced Energy Market in the US 2015-2019" report to their offering.  The advanced energy market in the US to grow at a CAGR of 13.6% during the period 2014-2019. Advanced energy is a broad range of products, services, and technologies that allows the sustainable, secure, and affordable use of energy by making use of best available technologies and practices. These products and services use energy resources more productively and hence present US companies with a financially attractive option. Advanced energy works to make existing energy systems work in a more secure, clean, efficient, and affordable way. The report, Advanced Energy Market in the US 2015-2019, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects in the coming years.  The report includes the segmentation of the market based on type of technologies (energy efficiency, fuel, power generation, transportation, electricity infrastructure, and others). The report includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.  The advanced energy market in the US is growing rapidly, driven by the development of new technologies, increase in consumer demand, and stringent environmental regulations. The US government is playing a crucial role in driving innovations and investments in the energy sector, which is the most regulated sector in the US. According to the report, continuous innovation and R&D are leading to the development of new and efficient energy technologies. These technologies are enhancing energy generation and are reducing overall energy costs considerably. The advanced energy market in the country is poised for growth, driven by rising energy consumption in the US. Further, the report states that lack of industry standards hinders innovation in applications, including smart appliances. Key vendors Other prominent vendors Key Topics Covered:  Part 01: Executive summary Part 02: Scope of the report Part 03: Market research methodology Part 04: Introduction Part 05: Market landscape Part 06: Market segmentation by technology Part 07: Market growth drivers Part 08: Impact of drivers Part 09: Market challenges Part 10: Impact of drivers and challenges Part 11: Market trends Part 12: Vendor landscape Part 13: Key vendor analysis Part 14: Appendix  For more information visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/skqmrr/advanced_energy  Media Contact: Laura Wood , +353-1-481-1716, press@researchandmarkets.net To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/united-states-advanced-energy-market-report-2015-2019---key-vendors-are-alstom-exxon-mobil-panasonic-schneider-electric--siemens-energy-300174715.html SOURCE  Research and Markets 