2015-11-10 SAN JOSE, Calif., Nov. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Super Micro Computer, Inc. (NASDAQ: SMCI), a global leader in high-performance, high-efficiency server, storage technology and green computing delivers the industry's widest range of GPU-enabled SuperServers ready to support the new addition to the NVIDIA Tesla Accelerated Computing Platform, the NVIDIA Tesla M40 GPU Accelerator. Available immediately, the Supermicro 1U 4x GPU (SYS-1028GQ-TR/-TRT), 2U 6x GPU (SYS-2028GR-TR/-TRH/-TRHT), 4U 8x GPU (SYS-4028GR-TR/-TRT), 4U/Tower 4x GPU (SYS-7048GR-TR) and 7U 20x GPU SuperBlade (SBI-7128RG-X/-F/-F2) offer unrivaled configuration flexibility and industry leading GPU density. With Supermicro's GPU cooling optimized architecture in the 1U 4x GPU SYS-1028GQ-TR/-TRT, NVIDIA Tesla M40 accelerators can operate at a sustained 1000W delivering up to 28 Teraflops of single precision performance for deep learning training applications. "Supermicro's 1U 4x GPU high performance computing SuperServer maximizes GPU density and performance per watt with a non-preheat GPU cooling architecture providing maximum system performance and reliability," said Charles Liang, President and CEO of Supermicro. "With an expanding range of solutions incorporating the NVIDIA Tesla M40 GPUs we deliver the industry's widest range of accelerated computing solutions optimized for next generation deep learning research." "The NVIDIA Tesla M40 is purpose-built for deep learning training at scale, dramatically reducing the time required to train sophisticated neural networks," said Roy Kim, group product manager of Accelerated Computing at NVIDIA. "With support for the new Tesla M40 GPUs, Supermicro offers data scientists a range of high-performance, high-density accelerated platforms to advance their most challenging deep learning projects." Product Specifications Additional Information: Visit Supermicro at SC15 in Austin, Texas, November 16 through the 19th at the Austin Convention Center, Booth 1518. Follow Supermicro on Facebook and Twitter to receive their latest news and announcements. About Super Micro Computer, Inc.  Supermicro (NASDAQ: SMCI), the leading innovator in high-performance, high-efficiency server technology is a premier provider of advanced server Building Block Solutions for Data Center, Cloud Computing, Enterprise IT, Hadoop/Big Data, HPC and Embedded Systems worldwide. Supermicro is committed to protecting the environment through its "We Keep IT Green" initiative and provides customers with the most energy-efficient, environmentally-friendly solutions available on the market. Supermicro, SuperServer, SuperBlade, Building Block Solutions and We Keep IT Green are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Super Micro Computer, Inc. All other brands, names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. SMCI-F Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151110/285921   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/supermicro-1u-4u-gpu-superservers-and-7u-superblade-maximize-compute-density-and-performance-per-watt-with-support-for-new-nvidia-tesla-m40-gpu-accelerator-300176160.html SOURCE  Super Micro Computer, Inc. 