2015-11-05 COSTA MESA, Calif., Nov. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --DRIVEN Public Relations, an international public relations and creative marketing agency, announced its strategic partnership with Mosaiscope, the next level news platform. Mosaiscope is the first product born from Enemy Tree, LLC, a Silicon Valley-based technology company. The platform is unique to the market because it provides comprehensive aggregation options by allowing news to be extracted from both sources and topics pre-selected by the user. DRIVEN and Mosaiscope partnered to generate a strategic public relations and media plan to introduce the one-of-a-kind platform to the tech world and to go head-to-head with established news platforms on the market today.  Mosaiscope presents a mix of reading options unlike other news products. Providing the option to select both topics and sources, including adding their own sources, it appeals to individual needs and facilitates discovery. Mosaiscope's responsive design is unique in that it works on every device and has no limitations to available sources. Mosaiscope is available online offering a strong freemium and robust premium subscription making the reading experience even more powerful while innovative, user-friendly and continuously updated. "As a PR professional, it's necessary that I'm always up-to-speed with current events and this is a tool I know I'll use every day. I'm ecstatic we have the opportunity to represent an innovative brand I can personally vouch for," said Mike Caudill, President of DRIVEN Public Relations. "Unlike leading news aggregators on the market, Mosaiscope is hands-down the most exclusive platform out there, and DRIVEN is here to show the tech world the future of news aggregation!" DRIVEN's diverse industry specialties help create effective and specialized strategies that resonate with media, clients and consumers. DRIVEN's dedication in crafting a highly extensive and integrated strategic plan tailored to each client is crucial in strengthening brand awareness, overall client satisfaction and consumer demand. "I've always had a progressive mindset and was inspired by what was produced at Tesla and left the company to build something great. That's how Mosaiscope was born, and it's now the most innovative news platform you'll find today," said JOhn Rokos, CEO and Product Architect of Enemy Tree, LLC, Founder of Mosaiscope. "I'm so proud of this platform and knew I had to pick a stand-up, effective PR agency to help me introduce the brand to the world. I know DRIVEN will do just that and more!" Find us on social: Twitter: @MosaiscopeInstagram: @Mosaiscope Facebook: facebook.com/MosaiscopePinterest: pinterest.com/Mosaiscope Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150928/271505LOGO Logo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151102/283120LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mosaiscope-and-driven-public-relations-work-together-to-champion-the-world-of-news-aggregation-300173053.html SOURCE  DRIVEN Public Relations; Mosaiscope 