2015-11-06 SAN JOSE, Calif., Nov. 6, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Extenua Inc., a pioneering developer of enterprise security software that simplifies the use and access of ubiquitous enterprise on-premises and cloud storage,today announced that Cloud2Drive security and mobility software is now available in Amazon Web Services Marketplace (AWS Marketplace). Cloud2Drive software allows users and enterprise to utilize Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) for all their unstructured data storage requirements in one of the most secure schema available today. Cloud2Drive functions the same as a network drive utilizing Extenua's patent pending virtual clustered file system SAFE AI architecture. Cloud2Drive creates a secure access connection to the internet thus eliminating the need for cumbersome VPN software and VPN server management. Its patent pending security algorithms exceed most regulatory compliance such as HIPAA and PCI DSS.  "We are pleased to launch Cloud2Drive in AWS Marketplace providing on-premises like access to Amazon S3 as the most secure platform available to date," said Federico Simonetti, Chief Technology Officer at Extenua. "We are applying unique purpose-built technology to endpoints to help enterprise and SMB take advantage of the flexibility and cost savings of AWS Cloud storage."  "Extenua is a leading provider of a software-only highly scalable solution which utilizes cloud storage for unstructured data," said Steve Visconti, Chief Executive Officer at Extenua. "Achieving our design goals of one of the most secure platforms, full mobility, high availability without the complexity of VPN and PGP key management is a true transformation for the use of cloud storage."  About Extenua Extenua Inc. is an award-winning developer of enterprise security software that secures storage for on premise storage, cloud storage and hybrid storage in revolutionary ways. Extenua's customers include Fortune 500 companies IBM, Fujitsu, Boeing, Nokia, Sony, Toyota, Kaiser Permanente, US Bank and Motorola as well as government institutions, security agencies, and thousands of small and mid-size businesses. Additional information about Extenua and Cloud2Drive is available at www.extenua.com. Extenua Inc. is a privately-held corporation based in San Jose, California. Public Relations ContactPeter SantisPress@Extenua.com www.extenua.com+1 (408) 300-5779 Video - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jut15TN2tO4  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/extenua-announces-security-and-mobility-solution-available-in-aws-marketplace-300174145.html SOURCE  Extenua Inc. 