2015-10-26 SANTA MONICA, Calif., Oct. 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Macerich (NYSE: MAC) announced today 45 retailers set to join the expanded and completely redeveloped Broadway Plaza in Walnut Creek, Calif. The center, anchored by Nordstrom, Neiman Marcus and Macy's, is undergoing a major renovation that will add 315,000 square feet of new space, plus new parking, new finishes and refreshed outdoor amenities. The iconic open-air center has been a dominant retail destination for the East Bay market of San Francisco since 1951. "The major update and redesign of our trophy property at Broadway Plaza is another example of Macerich's ability to successfully densify our fortress retail centers to meet retailers' expansion needs, as well as offer our shoppers an enhanced and upgraded store selection," said Art Coppola, Chairman and CEO, Macerich.  New stores opening in the expanded center include Allen Edmonds, Apex, Arhaus, Aritzia, Athleta, Aveda, Bath & Body Works, Boudin Bakery, Clarks, Cocola Bakery, ECCO, Eileen Fisher, Everything But Water, Gap, Hanna Andersson, H&M, ivivva, J. Crew, J.Jill, Kiehl's, Kit & Ace, L'Occitane, Lou & Grey, Lucky Brand Jeans, lululemon athletica, LUSH, Madewell, Michael Kors, Nespresso, NYX, Pandora, Papyrus, See's Candies, Soma, SoulCycle, Starbucks, Teavana, Tesla, The Walking Company, True Food Kitchen, True Religion Brand Jeans, Vince Camuto, Victoria's Secret, White House/Black Market and Zara. "We are very pleased with the response from the retailer community and are especially excited about the commitments from Arhaus, Gap, H&M and Zara to build two-level, flagship stores at Broadway Plaza," said Robert Perlmutter, Executive Vice President, Leasing, Macerich. "The addition of the new specialty retailers and expansion of existing stores complement our current tenant base, which includes great brands such as Banana Republic, Coach, Crate & Barrel, Kate Spade, Michael Stars, Sephora and Sur La Table. We are building an extraordinary retail roster for this exceptional property."  Broadway Plaza anchor Macy's is also undergoing its own 57,000 square-foot expansion, and the redesigned 247,000 square-foot store will be complete this November. The expanded and redesigned store will incorporate a new men's department, which moves from a separate location at Broadway Plaza. The larger store will also debut with its renovation a new handbag floor; a new cosmetics department; new fine jewelry and fashion jewelry departments; new fine watch and fashion watch departments; new restrooms and more.  About the Expansion Macerich is transforming Broadway Plaza in line with the appealing scale of downtown Walnut Creek by demolishing and replacing about 80,000 square feet of existing retail space as well as two older, inefficient parking structures. The new parking structure will offer four levels of parking on the Macy's side. Broadway Plaza will start to unveil the first set of retailers and significant enhancements at the property just in time for the 2015 holiday season, with the opening of two new retail buildings as well as a portion of the South Broadway Parking Garage on the Macy's side.   Opening 2015   Opening 2016 Allen Edmonds  Arhaus  Apex Aritzia Athleta Bath & Body Works Aveda Boudin Bakery ECCO Clarks Eileen Fisher Cocola Bakery ivviva Everything But Water J. Crew GAP Kiehl's Hanna Andersson Kit & Ace H&M L'Occitane J. Jill Lou & Grey Lucky Brand Jeans lululemon Papyrus LUSH See's Candies Madewell Soma Michael Kors SoulCycle Nespresso Starbucks NYX Teavana Pandora True Food Kitchen Tesla True Religion Brand Jeans The Walking Company Victoria's Secret Vince Camuto White House/Black Market 
Zara

The convenience and experience of guests remains a high priority at Broadway Plaza throughout the property's transformation. Complimentary Valet Parking is available seven days a week, and Roving Ambassadors and Text Concierge programs enable guests to enjoy a top-quality shopping experience throughout the construction process. For more information about the Broadway Plaza Redevelopment project, visit www.BroadwayPlaza.com/Redevelopment.
About Macerich
Macerich, an S&P 500 company, is a fully integrated self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust, which focuses on the acquisition, leasing, management, development and redevelopment of regional malls throughoutthe United States. 
Macerich currently owns 55 million square feet of real estate consisting primarily of interests in 51 regional shopping centers. Macerich specializes in successful retail properties in many of the country's most attractive, densely populated markets with significant presence in the California, Arizona, Chicago and the Metro New York to Washington, D.C. corridor. Additional information about Macerich can be obtained from the Company's website: www.macerich.com 
Logo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150619/224278LOGO 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/macerich-announces-45-retailers-for-expanded-and-redesigned-broadway-plaza-300165790.html
SOURCE  Macerich
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/macerich-announces-45-retailers-for-expanded-and-redesigned-broadway-plaza-300165790.html	    
	   Zara  The convenience and experience of guests remains a high priority at Broadway Plaza throughout the property's transformation. Complimentary Valet Parking is available seven days a week, and Roving Ambassadors and Text Concierge programs enable guests to enjoy a top-quality shopping experience throughout the construction process. For more information about the Broadway Plaza Redevelopment project, visit www.BroadwayPlaza.com/Redevelopment. About Macerich Macerich, an S&P 500 company, is a fully integrated self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust, which focuses on the acquisition, leasing, management, development and redevelopment of regional malls throughoutthe United States.  Macerich currently owns 55 million square feet of real estate consisting primarily of interests in 51 regional shopping centers. Macerich specializes in successful retail properties in many of the country's most attractive, densely populated markets with significant presence in the California, Arizona, Chicago and the Metro New York to Washington, D.C. corridor. Additional information about Macerich can be obtained from the Company's website: www.macerich.com  Logo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150619/224278LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/macerich-announces-45-retailers-for-expanded-and-redesigned-broadway-plaza-300165790.html SOURCE  Macerich 