2015-11-09 MACAO, China, Nov. 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Following on five years of solid growth and development, theFifth China (Macau) International Automobile Exposition ("the 5th Macau Auto Show") was held at Cotai Expo in the Venetian Macao on November 6, 2015. Now in its fifth year, the Macau Auto Show has become the largest of its kind in Macao and Hong Kong. The 65,000-square meter exhibition brought together 92 major automotive brands from 17 countries and regions around the world, including mainland China, Germany, the US, Japan, the UK, France, Italy, South Korea, Portugal, Brazil, Hong Kong and Macao. In addition,the Fifth China (Macau) Automobile Leaders Summit with the byline "Integration, Development and Win-Win" and the "One Belt, One Road" Global Development Strategy Summit, as well as 59 automobile-themed eventswere hosted concurrently with the show. AsianLe Mans Series Champion David Cheng was appointed as ambassador of the exhibition. The event features threethemedexhibition halls (Made-in-China, Super Luxury Automobiles and Imported Automobiles), 12 special exhibition areas and more than ten automobile models, with more than 400 actual vehicles on display. Chinese exhibitors included FAW, Dongfeng Motor, Chang'an Automobile, GAC Motor, JAC, SAIC Motor, Potevio, Zhengzhou Yutong Bus and the State-Owned Enterprise Electric Vehicle Industry Alliance of China. More than ten Chinese exhibitors, among them CNHTC, King LongUnited Automotive Industry (Suzhou), Yangzhou Asiastar Bus, NAVECO, XCMG, Aoxin and IOVA made their debut at the event with new models and technologies. Super luxury and refitting brands on display at the show includedBentley, Porsche, Lamborghini, George Patton, Tesla, Apollo, Abt and TechArt as well as Grand Prix and Le Mans Series champion vehicles, MINI vintage vehicles anda collection of Lotus cars. The Sports CarClub (SCC) became the eye-catcher with ten supercars in a variety of colors. Audi, BMW, Mercedes Benz, Toyota, Lexus, Land Rover, Jaguar, Honda, Ford, Hyundai, Mazda, Jeep, Volvo, Renault, Mini, Volkswagen, Alfa Romeo, Fiat, Nissan, Infiniti, Maserati, Maybach, Mitsuoka, Abarth, Shenzer Auto Sales, AVIC, LMC, Jinguan Shenglu and Angrui all had exhibits at the show. The three-day show attracted 165,000 visitors, the highest number recorded to date for an automotive conference or exhibition in Macao. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-fifth-macau-auto-show-the-largest-of-its-kind-in-hong-kong-and-macao-opens-today-300174708.html SOURCE  China National Automotive Industry International Corporation 