2015-11-01 Lithium ion batteries have been around for nearly a quarter-century, finding their way from laptops to electric cars. But British scientists say the popular energy storage devicecould be obsolete by the end of the next decade, replaced by a different recipe involving oxygen. Researchers at the University of Cambridgeannounced theyve created a battery prototype thatovercomes some of the challenges to making the technology commercially viable, including size and amount of energy lithium oxygen (also known as lithium air) batteries can discharge. The new battery has thepotential to store up to 10 times the amount of energy held in heavier lithium ion cells of comparable size, the inventorssay. The implications are enough to make any tech aficionadocheer. Mobile phones could be charged once a week instead of every few hours, and electric cars could finally travel distances similar to gasoline-burning cars without the annoyance of frequent half-hour recharges. The concept battery  still easily a decade away from a market-ready prototype  would be a fifth of the weight and cost of current lithium ion batteries. What weve achieved is a significant advance for this technology and suggests whole new areas for research  we havent solved all the problems inherent to this chemistry, but our results do show routes forward towards a practical device, Professor Clare Grey of Cambridges Department of Chemistrysaid in the announcement of her teams findings. The results were published in the Oct.30 edition of the journal Science.  

 

Part of the University of Cambridge's laboratory demonstration model of a lithium oxygen battery is shown in this handout picture by Tao Liu released Oct. 29, 2015.
REUTERS/TAO LIU/HANDOUT VIA REUTERS
Tao Liu/Handout via Reuters


 The battery prototype relies on graphene, a lattice of carbon atoms that has the potential to radically change the way objects are made if the cost of making it can be cut. The team used a different chemistry fromprevious lithium oxygen studies and found it to be more efficient. The oxygen-based energy storage has the potential -- albeit possibly 20 years down the road -- to sideline the lithium ion batteries used in everyday gadgets. Lithium ion batteries have a high power-to-weight ratio and have become the standard for electric cars. Japanese electronics company Panasonic has been the largest manufacturer of lithium ion batteries for years and is the primary supplier to Tesla Motors, which uses thousands of Panasonic 18650 battery cells in each of itscar battery packs. Last week, Tesla signed a deal to buy similar batteries from LG Chem, the Korean technology company that is among the largest suppliers of energy storagefor electric and hybrid-electric vehicles. Japans Automotive Energy Supply Corporation produced the lithium ion packs for the Nissan Leaf, the worlds bestselling electric car. 