2015-11-06  First we learned Volkswagen sold 11 million diesel cars specifically designed to conceal deadly NOx emissions. Now were told another 800,000 have been coughing up faulty readings of carbon dioxidethe very thing more than 80 world leaders are addressing at climate talks in Paris this month. Its hard to imagine a more damaging scandal. This is a company that built its modern brand on efficiency, engineering and warm fuzzy feelings (think flower vases built into VW bugs and commercials of dear friends driving under the spell of Nick Drakes Pink Moon). Deception, pollution, and lung cancer: These do not inspire warm and fuzzy feelings. Since the scandal erupted, Volkswagen has lost almost half its market value, and prices for its cars are dropping. To avoid losing a generation of enthusiasts, there are three things the company mustdo to tow itself from the muck: While Volkswagen's engineers were writing software code to dupe the world into thinking diesel could be a clean-burning fuel, Tesla was building the battery-powered car of the future. Forget emissions cheatingelectric cars dont even have tailpipes. Tesla has a multi-billion-dollar head start, but this is Volkswagen, the biggest automakerin the world. VW could crush it. A few weeks ago, Volkswagen issued a press release pledging tomake efficiency a higher priority in the wake of the scandal, with a focus on electric cars and hybrids. But its mostly incremental stuff:a new modular platform to create electric drivetrain versions of popular cars, and a high-performance next-generation Phaetonaimed at the affluent Tesla crowd. This is still playing catch-up, which nearly every other carmaker (plus Google and Apple) is doing as well. Its not enough. So far, none of the biggest carmakers have gone all in on electric cars. BMW has received a lot of favorable comparisons to Tesla in the past year, but lets be real: The hybrid BMW i8 is a work of engineering art, but the plug is practically useless, offering an electric range of about 20 miles before the fossil fuels kick in. The i3, while more affordable than the current lineup of Teslas, has a range of about 80 miles per charge, less than a Nissan Leaf. There is simply no electric car on the market today that is remotely close to the top-of-the-line Tesla: VW could be aTesla killer (or at least a respected rival) if it really put its mind to it. It has two big advantages: money and scale.Tesla is spending about $1.7 billion this year to build its business, and Wall Street hates it. Not an earnings call goes by that analysts dont fume over how much cash the company is burning. But by VW standards, thats a small price to pay. Volkswagenspent almost 8 times that much on research and development alone last year and has about$30 billion in cash. Teslas biggest problem is scaling up its operations. The companys new Model X has a waiting list that stretches into the second half of next year, and its emerging battery business is booked until 2017. With the more affordable Model 3, to be unveiled in March and go on sale in 2017, CEO Elon Musk hopes to go from 50,000 sales in 2015 to 500,000 in 2020. Many analysts don't think that's possible. Volkswagen, by comparison, already sells 10 million cars a year. Scale is not a problem.  Volkswagen has been humbled to a stock valuation of about $58 billion, or 7.5 times its estimated 2015 earnings. Upstart Teslahas a market cap of $30 billionwithout turninga profit. Tesla gets a lot of good will from customers and investors, because its putting it all on the line to make the future of cars arrive sooner. No major automaker has done the same, though a smatteringof more-competitive electric cars is slated forthe nextthree years.If Volkswagen really wanted to, it could still be first to sell a 300-mile-range all-electric car for under $30,000. The only way to make up for the past is to commit to the future.  