2015-11-05 NEW YORK, Nov. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- delivery.com has released a new iOS app that gives users a simpler, easier way to order from their favorite restaurants and stores. The new app features an optimized user experience within each of delivery.com's core categories  food, alcohol, groceries and laundry  which together comprise a convenient one-stop shop for local ordering. Leveraging the full capabilities of iOS, enhancements in the new app include a striking visual design, customized recommendations for users, and a complementary app for Apple Watch. "We've established such an extensive marketplace of local merchants that we had to look beyond a one-size-fits-all approach to ordering," said Jed Kleckner, CEO of delivery.com. "Whether you're searching for the best local burger or getting your favorite six-pack delivered, we're catering to the specific needs inherent to each category, and we're doing it all in a single, streamlined app." Across delivery.com's category offering, the new iOS app offers significant ordering enhancements: Users of the new iOS app continue to earn Delivery Points for every purchase  redeemable for delivery.com credit, charitable donations, and other rotating rewards. The new delivery.com app, currently available on iOS and coming soon for Android, makes local commerce mobile. To download the free app, visit the App Store today. About delivery.comdelivery.com is the engine of local commerce in an increasingly on-demand economy. Every day we allow millions of people to order online from their favorite restaurants, wine and spirits shops, grocery stores, and laundry and dry cleaning providers by enabling those businesses to offer local delivery at scale. With headquarters in New York and a growing presence throughout the US, delivery.com makes ecommerce an integral part of local daily life, helping customers shop, businesses grow, and neighborhoods thrive. Copyright  2015 Delivery.com, LLC. All rights reserved. delivery.com is a service mark of Delivery.com, LLC. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. Apple Watch and App Store are trademarks of Apple Inc. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110721/MM39828LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/deliverycom-releases-new-ios-app-300173141.html SOURCE  delivery.com 