2015-10-30 Kelly Hyland's court battle with former "Dance Moms" co-star Abby Lee Millerhas come to a close. Almost two yearsafter suing the Lifetime star and dance coach for emotional distress,Kelly has reportedly settled with Abby and the Dance Moms production team. TMZ reports that Kelly settled her lawsuitagainst Abby and Collins Avenue Entertainment last week in Los Angeles. Court documents reportedly show that Kelly agreed to drop her lawsuit--which also include breach ofcontract claims --if the Dance Moms production team agreed to pay to repairher floors inside her home, which she says were damaged by the shows crew. The deal reportedlyrequires Collins Ave Entertainment topay $17,500. Thetwo sides must also keep up a friendly front, according to TMZ, andLifetime is now permitted to use Kelly and her daughters Paige and Brooke Hylands image for show reruns. As most Dance Moms fans will remember, the Hyland family parted ways with the show after Kelly was involved in a physical dispute with Abby during a Season 4 taping, which resulted in Kellys arrest. The fight was featured in a February 2014 episode, Big Trouble in the Big Apple. Watch the Scene 4 scene below:  Kelly sued Abby in February 2014 seeking$5 million in damages foremotional distressfollowing their on-screen scuffle.A Los Angeles judge tossed the reality stars emotional distresscomplaintin November 2014, but moved forward with herbreach-of-contract claims. Paige, then 13, filed a separate lawsuit against Abby in October 2014, claiming the coachonce tossed a chair at her and insulted and abused her on an almost daily basis. The court documents stated that Paige required medical treatment for panic attacks and was seeking more than $25,000 in damages. After watching relevant footage from the show, the courts ruled in July that there was no evidence of Millers alleged behavior and Paiges lawsuit was dismissed. While it appears Abbys lawsuit with the Hylands has come to a close, her legal troubles are far from over. The dance coach was indictedon bankruptcy fraud, concealment of bankruptcy assists and false bankruptcy declarations charges this month. She is being accused of hiding income from 2012-13 after filing for bankruptcy in 2010and is due in Pittsburgh on Nov. 5 for her arraignment. Dance Moms is currently filming Season 6 in Los Angeles. The show is expected to return to Lifetime in 2016. 