2015-10-16 CRANSTON, R.I., Oct. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --ALEX AND ANI today announced that Ryan Bonifacino, chief marketing officer and senior vice president of digital, is leaving the company to pursue his MBA studies. "Ryan's insights and commitment have always pushed us toward a better customer experience and have made us a stronger company," said Carolyn Rafaelian, founder, creative director and CEO of ALEX AND ANI. "We feel fortunate to have had the benefit of his passion and positivity for the last five years, and we're grateful that he'll be working with us through the rest of the year." Bonifacino joined ALEX AND ANI in 2010, and currently oversees digital marketing, online advertising, social media and e-commerce. He will advise ALEX AND ANI through the end of 2015 on company strategy related to the company's busy fourth quarter and holiday season as well as longer term strategic plans. "ALEX AND ANI's rapid growth  from a $20 million business in 2011 to a $350 million business this year  has in no small part been based on our ongoing digital commitment, and Ryan has been an important part of that," said Harlan Kent, president of ALEX AND ANI. "Digital platforms allow our customers to connect with us and each other wherever they are, and we're already seeing the result of our $7 million investment in these strategies over the last two years. Digital revenues now account for 25% of our business, and our recent app launch is clear evidence of our customers' ongoing interest in these tools," he added. "We're all happy for Ryan and are excited to see his next endeavor." ALEX AND ANI launched its mobile app on October 1, 2015 to a level of interest that far exceeded expectations. The app was featured on Apple's App Store, and for a point of time secured the #1 download position and reached 50,000 downloads in less than two weeks. About ALEX AND ANI ALEX AND ANI creates meaningful, eco-conscious jewelry and accessories designed to connect you. Carolyn Rafaelian, Founder, CEO and Creative Director designs each piece. Carolyn believes that every individual has a positive message to share with the world, and by incorporating powerful symbolism into each product; ALEX AND ANI provides a vehicle for consumers to express their individuality. ALEX AND ANI is committed to giving back to the world that we live in. By using recycled materials with eco-conscious processes and through our CHARITY BY DESIGN Collection, ALEX AND ANI positively impacts our planet and our communities. CHARITY BY DESIGN has strengthened non-profit organizations through innovative partnerships and collaborative experiences resulting in donations of $25 million. An Inc. 500 Company, ALEX AND ANI has retail stores in addition to retail partners worldwide. Its World Headquarters is located in the Greater Providence, Rhode Island area, where its products are designed and MADE IN AMERICA WITH LOVE. Please visit alexandani.com for more information. Press Contact: Daniela Maron (212) 385-1075 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/alex-and-ani-announces-departure-of-ryan-bonifacino-300161157.html SOURCE  ALEX AND ANI 