2015-11-11 AUSTIN, Texas, Nov. 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Neone today announced general availability for its flagship device, the Neobase home communications hub. Available for purchase at neobase.com for an introductory price of $199, the Neobase allows family and friends to securely post, share, and comment with the highest level of Internet safety and privacy available to consumers. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151110/286081  "More than ever before, people are aware of Internet safety risks and worry about who sees and controls their online activities," said Dave Glassco, founder and CEO of Neone. "We built the Neobase to give people an easy way to share and communicate with unprecedented safety and control; they can now feel free to share with family and friends." Easy to UseThe Neobase is easy to setup and use. Users simply plug the device into a home router, follow on-screen instructions to create a personal profile, and then invite an unlimited number of family and friends to their private networks. These users don't need their own Neobase devices to take part. Using a familiar social interface, members of the private network can share photos, videos and links in each other's feeds, post comments, and attach files. Users can securely share and view content using a laptop, tablet, or Apple or Android smartphone. Secure Sharing All content resides locally on the fully-encrypted Neobase, and when users share posts, links, chats, and photos, this content never passes through a third party like Facebook or Google. Neobase uses an encrypted, person-to-person, decentralized communications protocol to keep all content entirely safe from prying eyes. No one, not even the Neone team, can access any of the content stored locally on Neobase devices. The Neobase only sends content over fully-encrypted connections and never sends content into the cloud -- offering a fundamental change in how information is shared and stored online. The Neobase lets people share content with complete confidence and security.  Security and ControlAccording to a Pew Research study published in May 2015, most (93%) of Americans say it's important to control who can get their information, as well as what information about them is collected (90%). But only 9% say they have a lot of control over how much information is collected about them. Neobase's decentralized architecture means a user's content is never collected by a third party and is only accessible to individuals given access to it. Neobase gives people complete control over their personal discussions, photos, videos, and files. The Neobase is available today at www.neobase.com and you can learn more by watching this short video.  About NeoneNeone is dedicated to creating groundbreaking personal communications products that perfectly balance usability and safety. Neone's flagship product, the Neobase, is the first private home communications hub. Compact, beautifully designed, and easy to use, the Neobase allows family and friends to securely post, share, and comment with the highest level of Internet safety and privacy available to consumers. Neobase's decentralized, encrypted, person-to-person architecture allows users to safely share content with only the people they choose. All personal data resides locally on the Neobase and doesn't pass through any third-party servers or web services, so users don't have to worry about prying eyes, personal information collection, or security breaches. For more information visit neobase.com. Media Contact Chris Jagger SparkPR for Neone neone@sparkpr.com    To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/neobase-private-home-communications-hub-now-available-300176454.html SOURCE  Neone 