2015-10-19 Justin Bieber's new album is one of the most highly anticipated releases left in 2015. "Purpose" is currently at the top of the Apple Musiccharts andthis Friday fans will get another taste of the albumwhen the the Canadian singer releases "Sorry." Bieber started a countdown last week to Oct. 23 when he would release a new song called "Sorry" that he did along with Skrillex and Blood.Bieber has collaborated with Skrillex before, as the two made the song "Where Are  Now" alongsideDiplo. The new song announcement also came with the first opportunity for fans to pre-order "Purpose." #sorry5days @Skrillex @bloodpop http://t.co/ZWMJvhasht pic.twitter.com/YDhHG0Kpof 	 Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) October 19, 2015 While fans anxiously await to hear "Sorry,"they were treated to a leak of another new song over the weekend, which features Bieber's ex-girlfriend Selena Gomez. The song is believed to be called "Strong." The two sound like they're addressing their past relationship in the single as they both sing about wishing they were better with things, saying they "gotta be strong." The song can be heard here. On Aug. 30, Bieber released the first single off "Purpose" called "What Do You Mean?" "What Do You Mean?" reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100, which was the first time in his career he's had a No. 1 single on that chart. When you preorder "Purpose" you can now get a remix of the song that features Ariana Grande. Watch the music video for "What Do You Mean?" below:  "Purpose" will be Bieber's first release since 2013's "Journals." The album will have 19 songs on it, and could includeguest spots fromBig Sean, Nas, Ed Sheeran, Travi$ ScottandMike Dean who are all listed in the credits, according to Complex. MTV News reports the album pre-order reached No. 1 in 51 countries, including the United States, Canada, Spain and United Kingdom. Bieber will release "Purpose" Nov. 13, the same date that the new One Direction album, Made in the A.M., will be released. The album is now available for pre-order here. 