2015-11-10 PARSIPPANY, N.J., Nov. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Today, Air Wick, announces the launch of its Give the Gift of Home campaign created to celebrate the role of scent and memories through the brand's new Life Scents holiday collection.  At the heart of the campaign is a short film directed by Academy Award-nominated Zachary Heinzerling that aims to Give the Gift of Home to those missing it most this holiday season  seniors and their families  who are beginning a new chapter in their new home. The film helps capture the meaningful connection between scent and memories.  Every home tells a story and the true scents within can trigger powerful memories that last a lifetime. Inspired by the power of scent in the home and the important family connections that go along with it, the heartwarming short film follows three families from around the world that are starting a new journey as the holidays approach. In their new adventure, families discover that their cherished memories and the synonymous scents from their old homes aren't left behind as they are presented with a special "Gift of Home" delivery from Air Wicka personalized candle that incorporates fragrance notes from memories in their home.  "Home is central to the holiday experience so we wanted to create something that resonates with families around the world who are celebrating somewhere new this year," said Maureen Valdes, Marketing Director, RB. "Through the Give the Gift of Home Campaign and our new limited edition fragrances we want to remind our consumers, that this festive holiday season, Home is really in the Air." In addition, Air Wick is extending the impact through a charitable partnership with Habitat for Humanity International. During the holiday season, Air Wick is donating $250,000 through a portion of its profits to benefit families in partnership with Habitat for Humanity International. "We saw this opportunity with Air Wick as a great partnership for us at Habitat for Humanity to align with a like-minded corporate partner," said Colleen Finn Ridenhour, Deputy Director of Corporate and Foundation Relations, Habitat for Humanity International. "Through this partnership, we look forward to building the gift of home and providing a foundation to build brighter futures alongside Habitat partner families this holiday season." This season, Air Wick created new holiday fragrances that remind us of our favorite memories at home. The Life Scents holiday collection features the first constantly changing fragrances that mimic real life experiences. Scents like Spiced Apple Crumble, Snowflake Vanilla Cookie, Emerald Woodland and Berry Cool Winter are available in a variety of formats including candles, plug in refills and Freshmatic Auto Spray Refills and will help families tell the story of their homes this holiday season.  For more information about Give The Gift of Home, please visit: http://www.airwick.us/; the campaign film can be viewed here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=87zZo2K5A8I&feature=youtu.be About RB RB, formerly known as Reckitt Benckiser, is a world leader in household, health and personal care. It is a FTSE top 25 company and since 2000 net revenues have doubled and the market cap has quadrupled. Today it is the global No 1 or No 2 in the majority of its fast-growing categories, driven by an exceptional rate of innovation  typically about 35% of net revenue comes from innovations launched in the prior 3 years. It has a strong portfolio led by 19 global power brands which are: Finish, Lysol, Dettol, Vanish, Woolite, MegaRed, Durex, Calgon, Air Wick, Harpic, Bang, Mortein, Veet, Nurofen, Clearasil,Veja, Strepsils Gaviscon, Mucinex, Scholl and French's, and they account for 69% of net revenue. For more information visit RB.COM. About Habitat for Humanity International Habitat for Humanity International's vision is a world where everyone has a decent place to live. Anchored by the conviction that housing provides a path out of poverty, since 1976 Habitat has helped more than 5 million people through home construction, rehabilitation and repairs and by increasing access to improved shelter through products and services. Habitat also advocates to improve access to decent and affordable shelter and offers a variety of housing support services that enable families with limited means to make needed improvements on their homes as their time and resources allow. As a nonprofit Christian housing organization, Habitat works in more than 70 countries and welcomes people of all races, religions and nationalities to partner in its mission. To learn more, donate or volunteer, visit habitat.org. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150317/182493LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-give-the-gift-of-home-campaign-by-air-wick-captures-the-memories-of-home-through-scent-300175401.html SOURCE  Air Wick 