2015-10-27 LONDON, October 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- UK's online takeaway and food delivery platform hungryhouse (http://www.hungryhouse.co.uk) has partnered with Perkbox (http://www.perkbox.co.uk), a leading employee perks and benefits scheme, to launch an exciting new incentives, rewards and engagement programme for its 40 UK based staff. As part of its continuing commitment to enhance the company's work culture and reinforce it as a great place in which to work, hungryhouse employees will now have access to over a hundred practical, recreational and salary-sacrifice benefits and perks - from free spa days, tastecards and mobile phone insurance to discounted gym memberships, savings on childcare, cinema tickets, groceries and travel. News perks and benefits will also be added to the platform regularly. All employees will be able to simply redeem these via their own dedicated account using Perkbox's online platform and smartphone app. As well as easy online redemption of perks and benefits, hungryhouse staff will also be gifted with an occasional surprise 'Perkbox' filled with treats and free goodies - from snacks and beers to accessories and stress balls - for the whole team to enjoy. Current benefits available to hungryhouse staff include up to 6% off at supermarkets including Marks and Spencer, Asda, Sainsbury's and Morrisons, money off in 50 high street stores and 20,000 shops nationwide, two for one and 50% off in more than 6,500 restaurants, money off in pubs, bars and coffee shops, heavily discounted theatre tickets and attraction day passes, corporate rates in top gym chains, half price MOTs, money off Apple products and other tech, a free month's travel in London on an Oyster Card and free mobile phone insurance amongst thousands of other benefits. Chris Hargroves, hungryhouse, commented: "The culture of the business is at the core of everything we  do and is constantly evolving.People are the most  important asset to ourbusiness; if we go out of our way to look after our people,they will go out of their way to look after thecompany. Any element of reward that we put in place is done  solely to make our teams happy and therefore have a positive effect on that evolution.Customer engagement is top of our list of priorities,  and  in order to create happy and engaged customerswe need ahappy and engaged workforce, the Perkbox offering is just our way of saying thanks to our team for continuing to do a great job and continuing to positively influence our culture." NOTES TO EDITOR  ABOUT HUNGRYHOUSE hungryhouse is the UK`s premier online platform for takeaway and food delivery. With more than 10,000 restaurants on our platform, ordering food delivery from your local takeaway has never been easier. FromBirmingham to Glasgow, Londonto Manchester, hungryhouse has partnered with the finest takeaway restaurants from across Britain so you can find and order a delicious takeaway in minutes. ABOUT PERKBOX Perkbox is an online platform for startups and SMEs, which gives employers and employees a range of great perks - from discounted gym memberships and 2-for-1 meals to exclusive deals on tech brands and savings on childcare. Perkbox is the sister company of Huddlebuy Ltd (http://www.huddlebuy.co.uk), the UK's largest benefits provider for startups and small businesses. The Huddlebuy service helps businesses grow by offering handpicked business deals from trusted brands with offers covering financial, marketing, business, technology and telecoms, education and e-learning products, alongside personal and recreational perks. Perkbox was set up after Huddlebuy's business customers expressed an interest in passing on these business and personal perks onto their employees. Perkbox is therefore the definitive and dedicated employee benefits service for all businesses big and small. As well as easy online redemption of perks on desktop and via smartphone app, Perkbox members also receive a seasonal surprise 'Perkbox' box stuffed with treats and free goodies delivered straight to offices. Perkbox was set up with the belief that the best companies to work for look after their teams. The most successful businesses are comprised of people who are engaged, satisfied and loyal. Providing perks helps build stronger teams and incentivises workers to aspire to greatness. Until recently, only large corporations could afford to pay for employee perks. Perkbox's easy and wholly customised offering allows SMEs to reward and incentivise their growing team with perks that help build a happy work culture with an investment in line with their budgets. Perkbox is a new platform created by Huddlebuy, a parent venture that helps small businesses grow by offering handpicked business deals across financial, marketing, business, technology, telecoms, education and e-learning products. For more information on pricing and packages available, contact:perks@huddlebuy.co.uk, tel: +44-(0)20-8396-6812For press enquiries, please contact Andrea San Pedro, PR Director:andrea@perkbox.co.uk,tel: +44-(0)7970-468982 SOURCE  Perkbox (www.perkbox.co.uk) 