2015-11-11 LAS VEGAS, Nov. 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Intacct Advantage 2015 Intacct, a leading provider of best-in-class cloud ERP software, today announced a new relationship with Pacific Crest Securities, technology specialists of KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc, a leading technology investment banking firm with expertise in Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) as well as other high-growth sectors, including Cloud and big data, global internet, mobility, next-gen infrastructure and communications, and industrial and energy technologies. The two companies are joining forces to integrate benchmarking data from Pacific Crest's annual Private SaaS Company Survey into the Intacct Digital Board Book for SaaS Metrics, a set of real-time reports, charts, and Intacct Performance Cards that provide accurate metrics and insights essential to successfully growing a SaaS business. This will allow mid-sized SaaS companies for the first time to see real-time comparisons of their performance relative to peers and pinpoint specific levers for improving their execution. The inclusion of benchmark data from Pacific Crest's annual survey of privately-held SaaS companies into Intacct's Digital Board Book for SaaS Metrics will automate the calculation of a company's performance metrics according to standardized definitions and provide for instant comparisons of relative performance based on the freshest industry benchmarks. With real-time insights into performance relative to plan, as well as their peers, management teams can make the best-informed decisions to quickly adjust their operations. Traditionally, management teams have found it difficult to make meaningful comparisons with other firms due to differences in how individual companies tailor the calculation of SaaS metrics such as churn and contracted monthly recurring revenue (CMRR), in order to reflect their specific go-to-market strategies. Finance teams would have to manually source representative and reliable benchmark data, collate benchmark and company performance data in spreadsheets, and then manually calculate variancesincreasing workload and the scope for errors as company performance data or industry benchmark data changes. Using Intacct Performance Cards tied to the Pacific Crest data on their Intacct Digital Board Book, executive teams will now be able to quickly make meaningful, "apples-to-apples" comparisons of their performance versus similar companies thanks to automated calculations of metrics based on standardized definitions. These real-time comparisons against regularly refreshed benchmarks provide executives with instant insights into relative performance, helping them make the best-informed decisions to optimize their strategies. "Comparing financial and operational results versus prior periods is an important component of driving growth for any SaaS company," said David Spitz, Managing Director, Software and Security, Pacific Crest Securities. "However, to truly build a world-class organization, SaaS company executive leadership and CFOs need to benchmark their performance relative to peers in order to identify specific areas for operational improvement and validate that performance targets are realistic. We're excited to be working with Intacct to make it easier for SaaS companies to leverage our survey data and validate performance metrics." "Pacific Crest has its finger on the pulse of fast growing companies and helps SaaS companies track their growth using powerful benchmark data," said Dan Miller, VP of Product Management at Intacct. "By integrating this data right into our Performance Cards, we're making it easier for Intacct customers get this info at their fingertips. We are the only ERP vendor enabling CFOs and other executives at SaaS companies to instantly compare their performance against industry benchmarks, right from within their financial system." Benchmark data from Pacific Crest's annual survey of privately-held SaaS companies is expected to be available in Intacct's Digital Board Book for SaaS Metrics starting in the first quarter of 2016.  About the Pacific Crest Private SaaS Company SurveyPacific Crest's Private SaaS Company Survey is one of the leading reference materials on financial and operating benchmarks for the SaaS sector. Covering respondent data ranging from revenues, growth and cost structure, to SaaS operations, distribution strategies, customer acquisition costs, renewal rates and churn, the annual survey has become an invaluable benchmarking tool for the performance metrics of SaaS companies, helping to steer decisions for success among SaaS companies and their investors. Each year hundreds of senior executives from SaaS companies around the world participate anonymously and confidentially in this survey. About KeyBanc Capital Markets and Pacific Crest SecuritiesKeyBanc Capital Markets provides deep industry expertise and capital markets and advisory solutions to companies in targeted verticals which include Consumer & Retail, Healthcare, Industrial, Oil & Gas, Real Estate, Utilities, Power & Renewables, Diversified Industries, and Technology, through Pacific Crest Securities. With nearly 750 professionals across a national platform, the firm has more than $25 billion of capital committed to clients. Our award winning Equity Research team provides coverage on more than 775 companies. KeyBanc Capital Markets and Pacific Crest Securities are trade names under which corporate and investment banking products and services of KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY) and its subsidiaries, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Member NYSE/FINRA/SIPC, and KeyBank National Association ("KeyBank N.A.") are marketed. Securities products and services are offered by KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. and its licensed securities representatives, who may also be employees of KeyBank N.A. Banking products and services, are offered by KeyBank N.A. Pacific Crest Securities provides premier investment banking services to the technology sector, operating at the leading edge, where global connectivity is fueling an unprecedented expansion cycle. We apply our knowledge of the drivers of value creation and global network of relationships to technology  high-growth sectors, such as Cloud and big data, SaaS, global internet, mobility, next-gen infrastructure and communications, and industrial and energy technology. As a result, our clients  technology's foremost institutional investors and market leading companies  rely on us to achieve superior returns and gain competitive advantage from the seismic shifts occurring in technology. Our sector bankers and transactional specialists collaborate to help clients identify and implement the right course of action, whether a financing, M&A or alternative event.  About IntacctIntacct is a leading provider of best-in-class cloud ERP software. Bringing cloud computing to finance and accounting, Intacct's award-winning applications are the preferred financial applications for AICPA business solutions. In use by more than 10,500 organizations from startups to public companies, Intacct is designed to improve company performance and make finance more productive. Hundreds of leading CPA firms and Value Added Resellers also offer Intacct to their clients. The Intacct system includes accounting, cash management, purchasing, vendor management, financial consolidation, revenue recognition, subscription billing, project accounting, fund accounting, inventory management, and financial reporting applications, all delivered over the Internet via cloud computing. Intacct is headquartered in San Jose, California. For more information, please visit www.intacct.com or call 877-437-7765. Connect with Intacct on LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and YouTube. Intacct and the Intacct logo are trademarks of Intacct Corporation. All other company and product names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners. Logo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120123/SF39551LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/intacct-and-pacific-crest-securities-join-forces-to-expand-performance-insights-for-saas-company-management-teams-300176846.html SOURCE  Intacct 