2015-11-11 ORANGE COUNTY, Calif., Nov. 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --mophiethe #1 selling mobile battery case maker in North America(1), and innovator of intelligent solutions for mobile devicesannounced its next generation powerstationlineup of universal battery solutions for mobile devices. This marks the release of mophie's slimmest collection of universal power products to date. Defined by industry-leading quality, these quick-charging devices present an elegant, progressive design punctuated by a premium aluminum finish, and integrate with the mobile power management app, mophie Power. Available in multiple battery sizes (1X, 2X, 3X, 5X, 8X), the powerstationline provides dynamic, on-the-go charging options to fit all lifestyles. With up to 15,000mAh, users will enjoy up to 54 additional hours of talk time, 59 additional hours of web browsing, 59 additional hours of video playback, and 272 additional hours of audio time.  "As the most trusted brand in mobile power, it's our job to differentiate mophie universal products from the masses," said Daniel Huang, mophie CEO and Co-Founder. "We do so by truly innovating with each generation and by pushing boundaries of reliability, performance, beautiful design, features, and everyday benefit to the user."  For example, the mophie Power app allows users to concurringly monitor and manage the battery life of their smartphone and bluetooth-enabled powerstation units (5x and 8x models only). Custom notifications can be created to alert when batteries are low or when fully charged. The mophie Power app also tracks how much time remains until your devices are powered up to 100%, and offers tips on how to improve your smartphone's battery life.  Pass-through charging powers your mobile device first before powerstationcharges itself (available with all sizes except 1X). Dual outputs (3X, 5X, and 8X only) allow for simultaneous charging capabilities. The new mophie powerstationlineis currently available at mophie.com, Apple Store and Verizon locations starting at $39.99. For the latest details and updates about all mophie products, follow mophie on Facebook, twitter, and Instagram, and register at mophie.com/innovation.  mophie, the #1 selling battery case manufacturer in North America, is a California-based, award-winning designer and manufacturer that empowers the mobile world to Stay Powerful. Widely acclaimed for innovative mobile solutions,mophieis the proud developer of the original juice pack. mophieproducts arerecognized for style and engineered for performance, providing a seamless integration of hardware, software and design. mophie has operations in California,Michigan, Netherlands, Hong Kong, and China. Visitmophie.comand follow us on Facebook, twitter, and Instagram (@mophie). 1."US Tech Geo Level Monthly Retail - US Retail Monthly Store Level", August 2015, available from The NPD Group, Inc. 