2015-11-01 LONDON, Nov. 1, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- GOASEAN is set to share unique views of Southeast Asia holiday destinations at the London World Travel Market 2015 (WTM) which will be held at ExCel London next week. The award-winning GOASEAN - a multi-platform digital and broadcast channel on all things related to travel in ASEAN1 - will showcase new, mysterious and distinctive destinations to tempt visitors in making travelling to tropical ASEAN a part of their holiday plans. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151101/282597  GOASEAN will be sharing their original travel programmes during WTM at the GOASEAN booth within the Malaysian Pavilion, to showcase the best destinations for all things holiday related such as the best local food spots, pristine beaches, epic hiking and camping trails, as well as luxury spa retreats. GOASEAN guides will also be on hand at the booth to part little-known information on interesting places to see and do in Southeast Asia.  GOASEAN makes travel easy with one-stop online travel booking system LetsGoNow To make travel easy to all the colourful destinations in Southeast Asia, visitors can use GOASEAN's online travel booking system, LetsGoNow, found on GOASEAN.com. The online travel booking system easily allows users to book flights, hotels, airport transfers and in the future, tours throughout the ASEAN region.  Visitors will be assured of seamless planning when using the LetsGoNow system, giving them the flexibility to plan their very own personalised ASEAN getaway with competitive rates for hotels and flights that is catered to suit every travellers' needs. Travellers and tourists will be able to plan and optimise their time and budget, adding more value to their overall ASEAN travelling needs and experience. Visitors to the GOASEAN booth will also have the exciting opportunity to win themselves an Apple Watch worth (USD400). All they have to do is to snap a photo or record a video by creatively using GOASEAN themed placards and collaterals, and upload their submission onto GOASEAN's Instagram page using hashtag #wtm2015. The winner will be announced via the website www.GOASEAN.com  Since its launch a mere five months ago, GOASEAN has proven itself very quickly to be a fast-expanding channel in its efforts to build interest on ASEAN as a single tourism destination. GOASEAN will be leveraging on its participation at WTM to meet, network, negotiate and conduct business with potential partners and business affiliates.  GOASEAN.com has earned international recognition since their launch. The travel channel won both the Gold and Silver awards respectively for Best Travel and Best Tourism website by the prestigious New York based W3 Awards 2015 which recognises digital communications excellence. GOASEAN.com also won the Best Asia Pacific Destination Website and silver for Best Tourism Website by TravelMole Asia Pacific Web Awards 2015 and Davey Awards 2015 respectively. In Malaysia, GOASEAN was voted the Best Website of the Month for August by the Malaysia Website Awards. About GOASEANGOASEAN is the world's first ASEAN travel initiative to promote ASEAN as a single tourism destination, featuring key areas such as community-based tourism, culture, heritage, entertainment and business. A brainchild of Malaysia's Prime Minister, YAB Dato' Sri Haji Mohd Najib Abdul Razak to commemorate Malaysia as the Chair of ASEAN in 2015, Malaysia is spearheading the GOASEAN initiative to promote travel and spur economic growth within the region.  GOASEAN is shown on ASTRO Channel 737 in Malaysia and Brunei. For more information please visit,www.GOASEAN.com  For media enquiries, please contact:Zefny IDRIS (Mr)Vice President, Brand zefny@goasean.com 1 The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) is an alliance promoting economic and political cooperation among its ten members: Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/goasean-at-london-world-travel-market-offers-travellers-a-tantalising-view-of-southeast-asia-300169949.html SOURCE  GOASEAN Sdn. Bhd. 