2015-11-04 NILES, Ohio, Nov. 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Captain McFinn & Friends, the brand that helps children become good people, is pleased to announce its collaboration with Fuhu, Inc., creator of the award-winning nabi tablet and the foremost innovator in technology solutions for families. Fuhu is featuring Captain McFinn's flagship product, Captain McFinn's Swim & Play app, in the nabi Elev-8, Fuhu's most advanced and powerful kid-focused tablet to date, launchedOctober 20th. Captain McFinn joins a select group of other premier children's entertainment brands in nabi Elev-8's content lineup.  "The innovation and breakthrough interactivity of the Captain McFinn's Swim & Play app has proven to resonate with kids and parents," said Captain McFinn vice president Esther Buschau. "We are thrilled that Fuhu has recognized Captain McFinn as a unique and valuable resource for children and selected us as a content partner for nabi Elev-8. With the expanded reach of the Fuhu platform and tablets, Captain McFinn will be making lots of new friends this Holiday Season." Designed topromote social and emotional development among preschoolers,Captain McFinn & Friendsis theonlychildren's entertainment brand featuringLIVE interactive guided play. Captain McFinn's Swim & Play app features real, live people, known as Explorers, responding in real time to how a child engages with Captain McFinn's interactive undersea world. These facilitatorsencourage a child while he or she enjoys fun games and exciting learning activities even addressing individual gameplay and learning via the child's animated avatar name. Captain McFinn's Swim & Play app engages children while teaching pro-social skills, such as sharing and politeness, playing as a group, being thankful and respecting others. It features 100-plus animated hot spots with interactive McFinn characters, original McFinn cartoons and music videos, eight different games and activities including drawing, music and reading, badges for completing activities, a chat box for parents to ask the Explorer questions, and a clap button for cheering on other users, all in a magical animated and live-action, uniquely interactive experience. Both educational and highly entertaining, Captain McFinn's Swim & Play app surprises and delights children, while offering teachable moments that share important life skills which can be put into practice athome, at school and at play. Through live, interactive guided play, Captain McFinn opens up a whole new world of experiential learning for children. Captain McFinn's Swim & Play app sells separately for just $2.99 in the Apple Store as well as Google Play. nabi Elev-8 owners will receive three free "swims" within the app to explore the underwater world of Captain McFinn before being prompted to purchase the app for $2.99. Fuhu's new nabi Elev-8 is chock-full of content-rich meaningful digital experiences that empower children to get the most out of their screen time and digital playtime, and sleek enough to match up to the design of the hottest adult tablets.nabi Elev-8raises the kids tablet bar on every level, while giving parents peace of mind by offering the most comprehensive parental controls, including an advanced time control system for monitoring tablet use time. nabi Elev-8is now available at Walmart and Toys R Us nationwide for just $169 MSRP. About Captain McFinnCaptain McFinn is a brand that helps children become good people. While many educational brands focus on ABC's/123's, Captain McFinn & Friends equips children with pro-social tools to succeed in pre-school.Through state-of-the-art technology that enables live interactive guided play, and a nationwide anti-bullying behavior campaign, Captain McFinn focuses on social and emotional development for children ages 3-5. Captain McFinn is innovating live interactivity in children's entertainment via the Swim & Play App, in classrooms and at the local mall. With this approach, Captain McFinn opens up a whole new world of experiential learning for children. Captain McFinn is based in Niles, OH. For additional information, please visit www.captainmcfinn.com. About Fuhu, Inc.Fuhu, Inc., the creator of the nabi brand, is the leading designer, seller and innovator of high-tech consumer products, services and solutions for children and their families. Fuhu is committed to creating family solutions that are: (1) socially responsible, (2) made right, (3) make a difference in people's lives, (4) For Parents. By Parents.and (5) dedicated to the intellectual development of children. Fuhu, Inc. is the No. 1 Fastest Growing Private Company amongst 5,000 in America as ranked by Inc.'s exclusive 32ndand 33rdInc. 500|5000 list and No.1 Most Promising Private Company in America as ranked byForbes Magazinein 2014. Fuhu is a World Economic Forum Global Growth Company and World's No. 4 Most Innovative Company in Consumer Electronics as ranked byFast Companyin2015. Headquartered in El Segundo, Calif., Fuhu has offices in Denver, San Jose, China, Hong Kong, Taipei and Japan. For more information, visitwww.fuhu.com andwww.nabi.com.  Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151103/283523LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/captain-mcfinn--friends-collaborates-with-fuhu-to-make-a-splash-with-mobile-tech-and-to-help-kids-become-good-people-300172289.html SOURCE  Captain McFinn 