2015-10-20 SOLON, Ohio, Oct. 20, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Self-expression, flavor and ingredient exploration, and new twists on traditions are a few of the ways consumers will make this year's baking season more special and delicious. Nestl Toll House is unveiling its 2015 seasonal baking trends to help home bakers discover creative new recipes and inventive ways to use its variety of baking products. Today's bakers have access to endless sources of inspiration and Do-It-Yourself confidence. Demographic trends such as an increase in multicultural families and smaller households are also influencing how America bakes. With more self-taught and culinary adventurous consumers, baking has evolved to include ingredient-driven sophistication, more baking customization, and personal interpretation of classics.  "The definition of baking now includes a variety of ingredients, flavors, and ways to bake. NESTL TOLL HOUSE chocolate chip cookies will always be an American favorite but by infusing them with Tahini, we're reinventing a classic recipe with a modern flavor profile," said Lucien Vendme, Director of Culinary Innovation at Nestl USA. "Consumers are actively redefining traditional baking and Nestl Toll House wants to be part of that journey by inspiring home bakers to achieve their baking aspirations."  A leader in baking for more than 75 years, Nestl Toll House is participating in this shift by inspiring consumers of all skill levels with new ways to use its variety of quality baking products. This year, Nestl Toll House partnered with esteemed pastry chefs from around the country to define key trends for the 2015 baking season. Led by Lucien Vendme, these baking masterminds identified three core trends that will drive this year's baking season Speed Scratch, Farmers Market Inspired Baking, and Tradition Reinvented.  Speed ScratchBeautiful baking creations aren't just for trained pastry chefs. Today's bakers can tap into pastry chef creativity and ensure success by leveraging proven baking shortcuts. Premade dough simplifies preparation, lets bakers explore ingredient variety and minimizes inconsistencies. Craft of Baking Author, Karen DeMasco, shows how easy it is to bake to impress with her Pistachio Pinwheel Cookie recipe, using NESTL TOLL HOUSE Refrigerated Cookie Bar Dough, ground pistachio nuts, lemon zest and a hint of honey and lemon.  Farmers Market Inspired BakingModern bakers are eager to use ingredients that are in season to bring out the best flavor in their baked treats. With access to farmers markets year round, there are plenty of options for creating desserts with a distinct seasonal flavor. Award-winning pastry chef, Michael Laiskonis, inspires creativity with an Autumn-themed recipe that celebrates harvest flavors. The Autumn-Harvest Cookie Collection combines NESTL TOLL HOUSE Harvest Apple Refrigerated Cookie Dough, NESTL TOLL HOUSE Hot Cocoa Refrigerated Cookie Dough, NESTL TOLL HOUSE Pumpkin Spice Morsels and fresh apples for a mouth-watering collection of fall flavors beautifully displayed in a bento box.  Tradition Reinvented Multicultural families are on the rise and with this demographic makeover in the U.S., home bakers are connecting with their heritage by updating treasured desserts. The memories behind classic recipes are timeless but today's baker is looking to create new traditions. Secrets of Baking Author, Sherry Yard, gives classic sugar cookies an ethnic twist with her recipe for Alfajores. Corn flour is kneaded into NESTL TOLL HOUSE Refrigerated Sugar Cookie Dough, then the baked cookies are sandwiched with dulce de leche filling and flavored with hints of spice and honey for a Latin-inspired flair.  As temperatures drop around the country, Nestl Toll House is inviting consumers to warm up their ovens and share their baking best this holiday season. Together, with the following leading pastry chefs, Nestl Toll House developed easy must-bake recipes based on the latest baking trends.  These new recipes, along with ideas for creating unique desserts using Nestl Toll House products, are available for media and consumers at www.tollhousebakingtrends.com. About Nestl USA Named one of "The World's Most Admired Food Companies" in Fortune magazine for eighteen consecutive years, Nestl provides quality brands that bring flavor to life every day. From nutritious LEAN CUISINE dishes to baking traditions with NESTL TOLL HOUSE baking products, Nestl USA makes delicious, convenient, and nutritious food and beverages that make good living possible. That's what "NESTL GOOD FOOD, GOOD LIFE" is all about. Nestl USA, with 2014 sales of $9.7 billion, is part of Nestl S.A. in Vevey, Switzerland  the world's largest food company with a commitment to Nutrition, Health & Wellness  with 2014 sales of $100 billion. For product news and information, visit Nestleusa.com or Facebook.com/NestleUSA.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/nestle-toll-house-unveils-2015-baking-season-trends-300162372.html SOURCE  Nestl USA 