2015-11-11 NEW YORK, Nov. 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Tablet TV LLC, the joint venture between Motive Television plc and Granite Broadcasting Corporation, announced that it will begin taking pre-orders at 00:01 AM ET, Thursday, November 12th for TabletTV Plus, its inclusive TV Unplugged solution providing viewers with everything that television and the internet have to offer in a single place. Supplies of the TabletTV Plus user kit which includes the TPod tuner will be limited before the holiday shopping season and customers are urged to participate in the pre-order process by going to www.tablet-tv.com.  The TabletTV Plus app will be available for download at 00:01 AM ET, Sunday, November 15, 2015 in the Apple App Store and will provide TabletTV users with an unmatched total mobile television solution that is unique in the industry. The service will operate with additional features and functions, allowing viewers access to all broadcast channels available in their market, split screen viewing, operate the world's first mobile digital video recorder (DVR) to time shift programs to fit their own schedules and, when connected to the internet, watch free and paid internet television channels  all within the TabletTV Plus app.  Additionally, TabletTV Plus users can simultaneously surf the Internet, check emails and browse Facebook and Twitter  all while watching television. They will also have the ability to use Google Chromecast and Apple TV Airplay to cast the viewing content to their television screens. "We're excited to launch our new TabletTV Plus platform, which provides a truly unique unplugged TV experience," said Luc Tomasino of Tablet Television. "It is a simple, inclusive, inexpensive and unleashed offering that is completely mobile. TabletTV Plus provides the ability to view any channel that is broadcast over the air or internet-delivered and our DVR empowers viewers with anytime, anywhere capabilities. It's a single solution and app that provides unplugged access to watch your favorite programs all in one place." iOS users who already have TabletTV will be able to upgrade for free to TabletTV Plus and enjoy all the new features. Android tablet users are able to continue to enjoy the current TabletTV app and upgrade to TabletTV Plus when it is available for Android in 2016.  About Tablet TV Tablet TV LLC is a joint venture between Motive Television plc and Granite Broadcasting Corporation. It offers the first US broadcast television service specifically for tablets. Utilizing existing ATSC distribution viewers will be able to receive direct, free over-the-air television (OTA) transmissions to their portable devices while also accessing their favorite Over-the-Top (OTT) programming when connected to the Internet. This first broadcast TV service for tablets enables viewers to watch and record live broadcast content - network prime time programming, local news, major sporting events and more - in every market in the U.S. TabletTV launched its first beta market test with Granite Broadcasting's San Francisco-based KOFY-TV in December 2014.  Follow us on Twitter: www.twitter.com/gettablettv Like us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/gettablettv Website: www.tablet-tv.com  About Motive Television Motive Television is the developer of innovative patented software solutions for the television industry that enable our clients to offer on-demand content over any network to any device. We have the knowhow and ability to customize our software to work with existing networks, saving our clients substantial expenditures. Our customers are broadcasters, satellite platforms, cable operators, and telecoms. About Granite Broadcasting Granite Broadcasting Corporation is a market-leading owner of local media properties in the U.S. The company's operations include broadcast TV stations, local cable TV channels, and local online and mobile media properties. Television network partners include Fox, NBC, CBS, ABC, The CW and My Network TV. Granite's local media operations are characterized by innovative, best of breed management and market leading franchises.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tablettv-plus-launches-for-pre-order-300177191.html SOURCE  Tablet Television LLC 