2015-11-10 SUNNYVALE, Calf., Nov. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- AirTies Wireless Networks, a leading international provider of premium in-home wireless systems, today announced its formal entry into the North American broadband market with the opening of its U.S.-based office, its first domestic deployment, and the appointment of its North American leadership team. Oz Yildirim, a long-time AirTies executive, will serve as EVP and GM of North America, based in Silicon Valley. He will be supported by AirTies' Executive Chairman and Co-Founder, Bulent Celebi, and a growing team of personnel spanning operations, engineering, sales and support.  Service providers are investing heavily to bring faster Internet speeds to the home, but conventional Wi-Fi equipment generally prevents subscribers from actually experiencing those speeds consistently within the home itself. AirTies is internationally recognized for providing ultra-performance in-home Wi-Fi systems to leading service providers, such as Sky (UK, Germany, Austria, and Italy), Vodafone, Singtel, Swisscom, and many others. Specifically, AirTies' intelligent in-home networking, Mesh, and Client Steering systems dramatically boost broadband speeds, in-home coverage, and reduce bottlenecks triggered by the plethora of Wi-Fi devices in today's homes.  Separately, AirTies today also announced its first U.S. deployment with regional cable and broadband provider, Midcontinent Communications, and also noted that it has additional trials underway with both mid-sized and large service providers around the country.  "Providing quality Internet to subscribers is no longer about the 'last mile,' but rather the last few feet," said Philippe Alcaras, CEO, AirTies. "Ensuring that the bandwidth coming into the home is actually available throughout the entire home requires a new approach, and that's what we deliver. Our Wi-Fi Mesh networks have been proven to enhance in-home speed and coverage for operators across Europe and Asia, and our network intelligence capability is flexible enough to work across wired and wireless environments. We're excited to formally enter the U.S. today, and I'm confident that Oz, Bulent, and our team in Silicon Valley will help us address the tremendous market opportunity across North America."  A Better Approach to In-Home Wi-Fi  Unlike traditional Wi-Fi, which relies on a single Access Point (AP) from a router/gateway, AirTies uses multiple APs placed around the home to create an intelligent network that ensures consistent, high quality whole home Internet coverage. These APs can be connected by a combination of wired connections  such as Ethernet, MoCA, and powerlines  and wirelessly by Wi-Fi mesh.  AirTies' Wi-Fi Mesh creates alternate data paths between multiple APs to deliver much more resilient and higher capacity data streams throughout the home. In addition, AirTies' intelligent Client Steering technology dynamically switches mobile devices between APs in real-time, as well as within the 2.4GHz and 5GHz bands to ensure optimal performance. This addresses a longstanding Wi-Fi performance issue, called the "Sticky Client" or "Bad Apple" problem, whereby devices remain hitched to the same AP as they are moved around the home, degrading overall performance for all active devices.  Mesh, combined with AirTies' Client Steering technology, ensures full broadband speeds delivered to the home over the operator's access network can be experienced by all devices throughout the home, without coverage dead zones. Based on real-world deployments and tests, AirTies generally outperforms conventional Wi-Fi systems by 3 times in total capacity, and up to 10 times for link speed  depending on AP locations within the home. North American Leaders and Presence  As part of today's announcement, the company appointed Oz Yildirim as Executive Vice President and General Manager of North America. Mr. Yildirim was one of the first employees of AirTies, and served in numerous leadership roles across product management, R&D, and call center management. He previously oversaw AirTies' Gateway and Wireless product portfolio, and most recently led the company's expansion across Europe with leading service providers. Mr. Yildirim holds Bachelor's and Master's degrees in Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering from Yldz Technic University in Istanbul. He will report to Philippe Alcaras, CEO, AirTies.  Bulent Celebi is Executive Chairman and Co-Founder of AirTies. Prior to founding AirTies, he served as the CEO of VC-backed Ubicom, a network processor for WLAN applications based in San Jose, CA. Before Ubicom, Mr. Celebi was Vice President and GM at Analog Devices, and the Marketing Director for Asia for National Semiconductor. Mr. Celebi attended the University of California, Berkeley and studied Electronics and Computer Engineering. He is also a graduate of the Stanford/AeA (American Electronics Association) Executive Institute.  AirTies' new North American office in Sunnyvale, California will support the company's growing customer base in the region, and address market demand for the company's products and services. The office is in addition to the company's international headquarters in Istanbul, and other offices in the UK, Netherlands, and China.  AirTies will showcase its technology at the upcoming CES 2016 show from January 5-9 at the Wynn Hotel in Las Vegas. More information is available at www.AirTies.com. About AirTies  AirTies was founded in 2004 with the strategic intent to become the market leader for the wirelessly connected home. AirTies designs and develops its own software and hardware, wirelessly streaming Internet connections and high definition video to multiple rooms and screens. The comprehensive product portfolio includes broadband Internet devices and Internet based television set top boxes. Its award winning technology enables seamless wireless integration at the touch of a button, increased wireless speeds, and coverage throughout subscribers' entire homes. AirTies has an installed base of over 10 million devices worldwide. More information is available at www.airties.com. Follow us on twitter @AirTies.  Logo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151109/285341LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/airties-announces-north-american-expansion-and-executive-appointments-300175321.html SOURCE  AirTies 