2015-11-10 CHICAGO, Nov. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --PIEHOLE, a delicious blend of Canadian Whiskey and pie-flavored liqueur, is making Thanksgiving a little sweeter as it kicks off the holiday season with digital media company, Onion, Inc.   As November marks the start of Onion, Inc.'s annual holiday coverage, PIEHOLE is helping America's Finest News Source cover the best (and worst) of the holiday season. Beginning November 9, PIEHOLE Whiskey will bring its sweet, but not too sweet flavor to The Onion as the official sponsor for all Thanksgiving-related content. "Thanksgiving at The Onion always involves delicious pie and whiskey," said Rick Hamann, chief creative officer for Onion, Inc. "PIEHOLE is the perfect blend of both, and the ideal sponsor for our Thanksgiving coverage." In addition to The Onion's special Thanksgiving coverage section, PIEHOLE will sponsor video on pop-culture sister site, The A.V. Club. Inspired by PIEHOLE, The A.V. Club will celebrate the "Great Moments in Cinematic Pie History" in a video tribute to pie's most memorable moments on film. "PIEHOLE is excited about partnering with The Onion, and we look forward to helping The Onion's readers celebrate the holiday season," said Kristin Markovich, senior manager of innovation at Diageo. PIEHOLE Whiskey is available in three delicious flavors inspired by Grandma's favorite pie recipes: Apple Pie, Cherry Pie and Pecan Pie.  About Onion, Inc.Onion, Inc. is a Chicago-based digital media company composed of America's Finest News Source, The Onion; pop-culture sister publication, The A.V. Club; internet culture satire website, ClickHole; celebrity gossip website, StarWipe; and creative services agency, Onion Labs. Onion, Inc. properties have a shared audience of over 30 million monthly unique visitors and account for more than 5.5 million Facebook fans, 8.5 million Twitter followers, and 800,000 YouTube subscribers.  About DiageoDiageo is the world's leading premium drinks business with an outstanding collection of beverage alcohol brands across spirits, beer and wine. These brands include Johnnie Walker, Crown Royal, JB, Windsor and Buchanan's whiskies, Smirnoff, Croc and Ketel One vodkas, Baileys, Captain Morgan, Tanqueray and Guinness. Diageo is a global company, with its products sold in more than 180 countries around the world. The company is listed on both the New York Stock Exchange (DEO) and the London Stock Exchange (DGE). For more information about Diageo, its people, brands, and performance, visit us at www.diageo.com. For our global resource that promotes responsible drinking through the sharing of best practice tools, information and initiatives, visit DRINKiQ.com. Celebrating life, every day, everywhere. CONTACTS: Lauren Pulte(312) 751-0503lpulte@theonion.com Courtney Dinkelacker(704) 644-6929cdinkelacker@taylorstrategy.com  Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151110/285857LOGO Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151110/285858LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/piehole-and-the-onion-make-your-thanksgiving-tolerable-300176095.html SOURCE  Onion, Inc. 