2015-10-20 HTC on Tuesday unveiled its latest attempt at a turnaround in the smartphone market -- the One A9. And it looks a whole lot like Apple's iPhone 6S. The specs of the A9 fall mostly in line with several leaks that have popped up in recent weeks. The handset packs a 5-inch 1080p Gorilla Glass-covered screen, Qualcomm Snapdragon 617 octa-core chip and a 2150 mAh battery, which HTC claims can last up to nine hours when browsing the Internet over Wi-Fi. Storage is available in 16GB and 32GB options, which come with 2GB and 3GB of memory, respectively. For additional storage, HTC includes a microSD slot, an option that Samsung chose to omit with its Galaxy S6 smartphones. For photos and video, the A9 sports a 13-megapixel camera with built-in optical-image stabilization. Its camera software also comes with a pro mode, which allows users to manually set focus and exposure settings. In addition, A9 owners can choose to save uncompressed RAW versions of their photos, which can allow for further postprocessing in applications such as Adobe Lightroom.  The One A9 comes in six colors, including Cast Iron, Opal Silver, Acid Gold, Topaz Gold, Deep Garnet and Carbon Gray. However, available colors will vary depending on the market. It's alsothe first non-Nexus smartphone on the market to come with Android 6.0 Marshmallow preinstalled. The handset maker promises customers who purchase the One A9 will also receive Android updates within 15 days after Google releases them to its Nexus devices. Customers who preorder the HTC One A9 can purchase it unlockedfor $399.99. The smartphone is expected to go on sale worldwide at retailers and at HTC.com starting early November. HTC's latest handset comes as it looks to turn around its declining sales. For several quarters HTC has faced increased pressure fromsmartphone makers, including Apple and Samsung, as well as Chinese domestic smartphone companies, such as Huawei, Xiaomi and Lenovo.Revenues for the companys third quarter came in at 21.4 million New Taiwan Dollars ($658 million), down from 41.9 billion New Taiwan Dollars ($1.29 billion) in the same period last year. The company took a net income loss of 4.48billion New Taiwan Dollars ($138 million). 