2015-10-28 WASHINGTON, Oct. 28, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Since 2013, national average mathematics scores have decreased for fourth- and eighth-grade students, while reading scores have held steady for fourth-graders and have gone down for eighth-graders, according to The Nation's Report Card: 2015 Mathematics and Reading. Overall scores in both subjects at both grades are higher than they were in the 1990s when the assessments were first administered.However, the percentage of students scoring at or above the Proficient level  indicating a solid grasp of the subject matter  has declined since 2013 in fourth- and eighth-grade mathematics and in eighth-grade reading. The percentage of fourth-graders scoring at or above Proficient in reading did not change from 2013. The National Assessment of Educational Progress (NAEP), also known as The Nation's Report Card, provides results for the nation, states/jurisdictions and selected urban districts. Fourth-grade students in three states/jurisdictions improved in math, and fourth-grade students in 13 states/jurisdictions improved in reading. No state saw improvements for both grades in reading and in mathematics.  Of the 21 large urban districts that volunteered to participate in NAEP's Trial Urban District Assessment (TUDA) in 2015, six saw improved scores from 2013 for at least one grade and one subject; one urban district, Duval County, Florida, participated for the first time in 2015, so its scores could not be compared to previous assessments. Mathematics scores increased in four urban districts and decreased in 10 urban districts in at least one grade. Reading scores increased in five urban districts and decreased in three urban districts in at least one grade. "While the downturn in reading and math scores nationally and among states is concerning, especially in math, we are encouraged by the progress made by some of the participating urban districts," said Terry Mazany, chair of the National Assessment Governing Board, which oversees NAEP. "Our nation's schools and school districts are experiencing a lot of change and NAEP gives us an independent and objective long-term measure of student achievement and lets us know where we stand today compared to past performance."  Highlights for student performance in each subject appear below: State Highlights in Mathematics Urban District Highlights in Mathematics - Scores for fourth-graders increased in Mississippi, the District of Columbia and Department of Defense Education Activity schools and declined in 16 states. Scores did not change significantly in 33.  - The scores of fourth-graders in the Dallas Independent School District, District of Columbia Public Schools (DCPS) and Miami-Dade County (Florida) Public Schools have increased since 2013.  - Since 2013, scores for eighth-graders have decreased in 22 states and remained flat in 30.  - The percentage of students in both grades performing at or above Proficient in Charlotte, N.C., was greater than the percentage of public school students at or above Proficient nationwide.  - Scores have improved in both grades in every participating state since the first state-level assessment in the early 1990s.  - Chicago eighth-graders scored higher in 2015 than in 2013.   State Highlights in Reading Urban District Highlights in Reading - 20 states/jurisdictions had a higher percentage of students at grade 8 performing at or above Proficient than did the nation.  - Since 2013, reading scores have increased in five urban districts: in Miami-Dade, Fla., for eighth-graders, and in Boston, Chicago, Cleveland and DCPS for fourth-graders.  - Since 2013, fourth-grade reading scores have decreased in Maryland and Minnesota and increased in 13 states, including Mississippi, which also saw a gain in math. - The percentage of students at grade 4 performing at or above Proficient in Charlotte, N.C., and Hillsborough County, Fla., was greater than the percentage of public school students at or above Proficient nationwide.  - Since 2013, eighth-grade reading scores have increased in West Virginia and decreased in eight states.  - Eighth-graders' scores have not changed significantly in 16 urban districts and have decreased in three since 2013. - Students in many participating states have improved in both grades since the first state-level assessment in the 1990s. 