2015-10-22 LOS ANGELES, Oct. 22, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --The third annual Connected Car Expo (CCE), the most authoritative gathering of automotive and technology leaders, announced today that more than 40 exhibitors are slated to showcase the latest technology by some of the world's leading players in the burgeoning new mobility space.  This year's exhibit floor will bring a diverse mix of companies together under one roof, ranging from exciting startups in the transportation space to innovation-forward automakers (such as Volvo, Hyundai and OnStar) to established tier one suppliers (like Garmin and Faurecia). Industry and media attendees attending CCE 2015 can explore everything from in-vehicle security innovations and autonomous driving solutions to augmented reality and car sharing platforms.  In addition, breaking news from Volvo, Quanergy, OpenCar, KPMG and several other exhibitors will highlight a full day of expert presentations that will commence with a keynote by Lyft Co-Founder and President John Zimmer. Some exhibitor highlights include Onstar, demonstrating connectivity, including 4G LTE Wi-Fi and Apple Car play, Volvo showcasing its autonomous vehicle technology and holding a press conference on Nov 17. Hyundai will also be showcasing a new Virtual Guide featuring augmented reality technology coming to its vehicle line up later this year. Garmin is demonstrating its latest infotainment systems, automotive cameras, wearable technology and navigation products and Covisint is featuring itscurrent enterprise-class cloud platform that helps to facilitate the rapid development and deployment of Internet of Things (IoT), Identity Management (IdM), and B2B collaboration solutions.Osram Opto Semiconductors is showcasing state-of-the-art advancements in lighting solutions for illumination, visualization and sensing including visible, IR LEDs and laser. Wind River is featuring a fully-functioning infotainment platform, which will enable automakers to harness the potential of IoT.whiteCryption is showcasing an integrated suite of application security tools for software self-defense that add a heightened level of protection to ensure data is not compromised and risks are reduced. And, Faurecia is showing its Active Wellness, the world's first seat that detects the traveler's drowsiness or stress and then takes countermeasures to relieve those conditions. An additional 30 companies will showcase their latest innovations, including Qualcomm, Hortonworks, Voyomotive, Honk, Anritsu Company, Mojio, Remoto by bright box, plus innovative startups including Vision Fleet, Zirx, Parzo, Traffic Technology Services, Quanergy, TriLumnia, Sober Steering, Nebula Systems, Hop Skip Drive, Hi Mobility, Getaround, Elio Motors, Capio and Driversiti. "We've put a large emphasis on startups this year at CCE because we value the importance of providing a platform where those companies can come together with automakers and suppliers to move our industry forward," said LA Auto Show and CCE President, Lisa Kaz. "This industry is fast evolving and we're committed to bringing groundbreaking news and products to our show floor." A networking lunch sponsored by Faurecia will also take place during CCE and feature a presentation from Faurecia on emerging issues facing the occupants of connected cars and the challenges the industry must tackle to ensure mass consumer adoption. Additionally, discussions on some of the hottest topics in the industry today, including car sharing, in-car technology, over-the-air updates, Big Data for connected cars and more, will be led by new auto industry experts, including the likes of Alicia Agius, Product Innovation Manager at Ford; Akshay Anand, Kelley Blue Book Analyst; Bryan Biniak, Vice President and General Manager at Microsoft; and Danny Shapiro, Senior Director of Automotive at NVIDIA. CCE's panels and discussions will examine the future of the connected car across a broad range of subjects, including automotive cybersecurity, autonomous vehicles, car sharing, future car production, vehicle hacking and more. For a full list of panel topics and expert speakers, please visit connectedcarexpo.com/schedule/.  Designed to connect featured experts and exhibitors with engaged and discerning attendees, CCE's signature networking events are made possible this year with the support of Bosch, SAE, Movimento, iHeartRadio, QNX, Global Automakers, Auto Alliance, KPMG and Elektrobit. On Wednesday, Nov. 18 and Thursday, Nov. 19, the CCE Networking Lounge will be open between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. at the L.A. Convention Center, where CCE attendees can continue doing business over the course of LA Auto Show's two subsequent Press & Trade Days.  On Nov. 17, all press conferences will be held on the floor of CCE at the JW Marriott L.A. Live. All registered CCE attendees as well as journalists registered for the LA Auto Show Press & Trade Days are welcome to attend. Exhibit areas at the L.A. Convention Center will be open on Nov. 18 and 19 only. To register for CCE and LA Auto Show Press & Trade Days, please visit: http://laautoshow.com/join/  For additional information on CCE and the LA Auto Show please visit: ConnectedCarExpo.com and LAAutoShow.com. About the Los Angeles Auto Show and Connected Car Expo Founded in 1907, the Los Angeles Auto Show (LA Auto Show) is the first major North American auto show of the season each year. The show's 2015 Press & Trade Days begin with the Connected Car Expo (CCE) at the JW Marriott at L.A. Live on Nov. 17, followed by LA Auto Show's vehicle debuts and press and trade events at the Los Angeles Convention Center on Nov. 18 and 19. LA Auto Show will open to the public from Nov. 20-29. The third annual CCE will unite automotive and technology professionals in an effort to increase development and foster relationship-building in the connected car industry, providing attendees with access to the key players and top media constructing the future of the connected car. The CCE conference is where the rules for how vehicles are made, sold, serviced and owned are changing and where the playbook is being written. Named "Best Car Tech/Connected Car Trade Show" by AUTO Connected Car News, CCE is where the new auto industry gets business done, unveils groundbreaking products and makes strategic announcements in front of media from around the globe. LA Auto Show is endorsed by the Greater L.A. New Car Dealer Association and is operated by ANSA Productions. To receive the latest show news and information, follow LA Auto Show on Twitter at twitter.com/LAAutoShow or via Facebook at facebook.com/LosAngelesAutoShow and sign up for alerts at www.LAAutoShow.com. For more information about CCE, please visit http://connectedcarexpo.com/. Media Contacts: Breanna Buhr/Sanaz MarbleyJMPR Public Relations(818) 992-4353bbuhr@jmprpublicrelations.comsmarbley@jmprpublicrelations.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/la-auto-shows-connected-car-expo-draws-new-auto-industry-pioneers-and-top-companies-from-around-the-world-300163811.html SOURCE  Los Angeles Auto Show 