2015-11-05 LONDON, Nov. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Soft drink concentrates are mostly used in the beverage industry. They are concentrated by removing water, due to which transportation, shipping, and warehousing becomes easier and less expensive. This report provides a comprehensive analysis of the soft drink concentrates market. The non-carbonated concentrates studied include various flavours such as orange, apple, mixed, grape, pineapple, grapefruit, and mango. This research report categorizes the global market for soft drink concentrates based on applications, end use, and geography. The soft drink concentrates market is led by Europe, followed by North America. The U.S. soft drink concentrates market not only dominates in North America, but also in the global market. The Asia-Pacific region is projected to be the fastest-growing market globally, from 2014 to 2019. Brazil is the major market in the Latin America region, owing to the increasing population and increasing expenditure on healthy products.  The soft drink concentrates market is projected to reach $34,761.36 million by 2019. Manufacturers well aware of the emerging soft drink concentrates market. As the market is projected to demonstrate continued growth in both, developed and developing regions, the report analyses the market in the prominent regions of the world.  There are different growth strategies adopted by various market players, which are analysed in the report. Acquisitions were the most preferred growth strategy in the soft drink concentrates market. The purpose of adopting this strategy is that it results in enhanced geographic presence and clientele. Major players such as PepsiCo Inc. (U.S.) and The Coca-Cola Company (U.S.) collectively accounted for more than half of the global soft drink concentrates market and are focusing on strengthening their product range.  The other major players in the market are Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. (U.S.), Monster Beverage Corporation (U.S.), Cott Corporation (Canada), Dohler Group (Germany), Royal Cosun (The Netherlands), David Berryman Limited (U.K.) Big Red Inc. (U.S.), and Royal Crown Cola Company (U.S.). Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3007859/ About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com 