2015-10-23 DALLAS, Oct. 23, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --The People of Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) Cargo are celebrating by taking home one of the industry's leading awards. Logistics Management once again awarded the Texas-based airline its Quest for Quality Award. This is the 19th consecutive year Southwest has taken home the award. "Our amazing People continue to double-down on efforts to provide Reliability and Hospitality by embracing the value of Teamwork," said Matt Buckley, Southwest Airlines Vice President of Cargo and Charters. "I'm very proud of our Cargo, Ramp, and Operations Teams as they continue to connect our Customers to what's important in their lives with relentlessly reliable service." For more than 30 years, Logistics Management's Quest for Quality has been highly regarded as the standard measure of customer satisfaction and performance excellence.  "What makes the Quest for Quality Awards stand out in the market is the fact that the winners are determined by the readers of Logistics Managementthe buyers of logistics and transportation services who put these carriers and service providers to work around the clock and around the globe," said Michael Levans, Group Editorial Director of Peerless Media, LLC., the publisher of Logistics Management. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 45th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 48,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually. Southwest operates more than 3,600 flights a day, serving 96 destinations across the United States and seven additional countries. Subject to foreign government approval, service to Liberia, Costa Rica, is scheduled to begin Nov. 1, 2015. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation's most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation's largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity while over the United States. That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to access streaming music provided by Apple Music or to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners.Southwest created TransfarencySM, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly freeto everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. In 2014, the airline proudly unveiled a bold new look: Heart. The new aircraft livery, airport experience, and logo, showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees to connect Customers with what's important in their lives.  From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as "The Southwest Effect," a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets. With 42 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier's performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2014 Southwest Airlines One Report can be found atSouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines' low fares online atSouthwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/southwest-airlines-cargo-flies-away-with-industry-leading-award-300165209.html SOURCE  Southwest Airlines 