2015-11-10 MISSION, Kan., Nov. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- (Family Features) How can you put a unique twist on a holiday tradition that your family will love? What should you bring to your office potluck? What's a savory appetizer that will hold everyone over until the big meal? With plenty of get-togethers during the season, deciding what will be on your holiday plate can be difficult.  Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151110/285725  When you're challenged to find recipes that are as easy to prepare as they are savory, one strategy is to choose a versatile go-to as the base for several different dishes. Slow-marinated and seasoned just right, Smithfield Seasoned Fresh Pork brings a delicious meal to your holiday table in no time at all.  Whether entertaining a crowd at a holiday party or looking for a meal solution for a wintry weeknight, try Smithfield's premium cuts of 100 percent fresh pork for a dish everyone will love. In flavors like Garlic and Herb, Peppercorn and Garlic and Applewood Smoked Bacon, fresh pork can be grilled, roasted or sauteed for a simple holiday recipe that will taste like you've been cooking for hours. For a unique twist on your dinner table this season, try Cornbread-Stuffed Bacon-Wrapped Pork Tenderloin. Featuring delicious, seasonal ingredients including apples, cranberries and pecans, this recipe is sure to impress friends and family. These BBQ Pork Tortilla Rollups can be made in a cinch and served before the big meal or brought along to cocktail parties for an easy to eat dish that everyone will enjoy. For more holiday meal inspiration and recipe ideas, visitSmithfield.comor Facebook.com/CookingWithSmithfield. Cornbread-Stuffed Bacon-Wrapped Pork Tenderloin  Prep time: 10 minutes  Cook time: 55 minutes  Servings: 4  1 Smithfield Peppercorn and Garlic Seasoned Pork Tenderloin 7 slices Farmland Thick Cut Hickory Smoked Bacon, divided  3 tablespoons butter 1/4  cup apple cider 3/4  cup cornbread stuffing mix 1/3  cup chopped red cooking apple 3 tablespoons dried cranberries 2 tablespoons chopped pecans, toasted Heat oven to 375 F. Cut 3 slices bacon into 14-inch wide slices. In medium saucepan, cook over medium heat until crisp; drain.  Leave 1 tablespoon grease in pan. Add butter and apple cider; bring to a boil. Remove from heat; stir in cooked bacon, stuffing mix, apple, cranberries and pecans. If needed, add additional cider to moisten stuffing.  Place remaining slices of bacon about 2 inches apart down center of 15-by-10-by-1-inch baking sheet. Cut down center of tenderloin but not all the way through; lay flat on top of bacon slices.  Spoon stuffing down center of tenderloin; wrap bacon slices around tenderloin, overlapping on top. Secure with wooden picks.  Bake 40-45 minutes until internal temperature of stuffing reaches 160 F. Let stand 10 minutes before slicing.  BBQ Pork Tortilla Rollups  Prep time: 15 minutes plus 2-hour stand time  Servings: 36 slices  1 package (12 ounces) pimiento cheese spread 3 tablespoons barbecue sauce 1 teaspoon smoked paprika 4 flour tortillas (10 inches) 1/2  Smithfield Applewood Smoked Bacon Seasoned Pork Loin Filet, cooked and finely diced In small bowl, combine pimiento cheese spread, barbecue sauce and paprika; mix well. Divide cheese mixture between 4 tortillas; evenly spread on each tortilla. Sprinkle chopped pork over top of cheese spread. Tightly roll up each tortilla and wrap in plastic wrap. Place in refrigerator 2 hours or up to 2 days.  Cut each tortilla into 1/2-inch slices. Serve with light drizzle of barbecue sauce. Michael Frenchmfrench@familyfeatures.com1-888-824-3337http://editors.familyfeatures.com About Family Features Editorial SyndicateThis and other food and lifestyle content can be found at http://editors.familyfeatures.com. Family Features is a leading provider of free food and lifestyle content for use in print and online publications. Register with no obligation to access a variety of formatted and unformatted features, accompanying photos, and automatically updating Web content solutions.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/make-your-holiday-festive-and-flavorful-300175947.html SOURCE  Family Features Editorial Syndicate 