2015-11-10 LONG BEACH, Calif., Nov. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Epson America, Inc., the number-one projector manufacturer in the world, today introduced the EX5250 Pro and the EX5240 portable projectors designed to meet the needs of small- to medium-sized businesses. The EX5250 Pro projector is ideal for larger, well-lit rooms, offering higher brightness of 3,600 lumens of color brightness and 3,600 lumens of white brightness1, in addition to state-of-the art wireless connectivity, including the ability to wirelessly display content from Apple iOS or Android mobile devices with the free Epson iProjection app2,3. The EX5240 delivers 3,200 lumens of color brightness and 3,200 lumens of white brightness1. Designed for SMBs, both models deliver XGA (1024 x 768) resolution, ideal for advanced, text-heavy charts and graphics, as well as easy setup features for flexible placement, and support HDMI connectivity for versatile device compatibility. WorkForce Solutions Group (WSG), a thriving human resources consulting and solutions firm on the Inc. 500 list, was in need of a flexible display solution that was easy to set up, portable and offered compatibility with the latest devices to seamlessly integrate for use with their existing laptops, tablets and smartphones. With nearly 50 full-time employees, as well as various conference rooms, individual offices, work groups, remote and satellite offices, and home offices, WSG found that the EX5250 Pro was the ideal solution for its small business needs. "Because we have a wide range of spaces in our office, we required a display that can easily be moved from room to room and is easy to setup, but would also easily integrate with devices we're already using," said Pamela Jung, CEO, WorkForce Solutions Group. "The capabilities that Epson's business projectors offer truly accommodated our needs  from their portability, bright color, and easy setup features  which has helped our company and employees be more efficient and productive4." Offering 3x higher color brightness5 and up to 3x wider color gamut6, Epson 3LCD projectors display colors far more accurately than competitive projectors. The EX-Series offers fast and easy setup with a range of features, including image adjustment tools such as automatic vertical correction and Easy-Slide horizontal image correction. The EX5250 Pro and EX5240 both support HDMI, the standard in connectivity, allowing users to seamlessly project content from their laptops or media players. In addition, the EX5250 Pro features wireless connectivity with Epson's quick connect on-screen QR code, allowing users easy access to content from smartphones and tablets  users simply turn the projector on, use the free Epson iProjection app to scan the on-screen QR code and instantly project content from an iOS or Android device2,3.  "When making a presentation, either on the road or in the office, our small business customers want a projection solution that will simply turn on when required and project clearly without complications," said Eric Uaje, associate product manager, Projectors, Epson America, Inc. "SMBs can count on Epson EX5250 Pro and EX5240 projectors to not only produce bright, vivid color and sharp text, but with their easy setup and image adjustment and display features, they have peace of mind knowing their Epson projector will offer great images in any environment." Color Brightness Specification and Projector Performance The color brightness specification (measuring red, green and blue) published by the Society for Information Display (SID) allows consumers to compare projector color performance without conducting a side-by-side shootout. With today's high definition content, presenters can display content with higher quality in brighter environments. For a truly impressive image, projectors need to offer both high color brightness and high white brightness. High color brightness is important for larger screen sizes and provides flexibility for a variety of screen materials. Without sufficient color brightness, images may be muddy, soft and lose detail, even in a dark room. Learn more about why color brightness matters on the Lighthouse Blog in the Epson Community or visit http://www.colorlightoutput.com. Availability and SupportThe Epson EX5240 ($549) and EX5250 Pro ($599)7 are now available through major retailers and directly on Epson.com. The projectors come with a one-year limited warranty that includes Road Service projector replacement program with projector exchange in one business day with paid shipping, and a 90-day limited lamp warranty. For additional information, visit www.epson.com/projectors.  About WorkForce Solutions GroupWorkforce Solutions Group (WSG) is a client-centric human resources consulting and talent solutions firm that is founded on trust, integrity, and commitment to unparalleled customer satisfaction. WSG has a deep understanding of the unique challenges faced in a wide-range of industries, and are dedicated to providing innovative solutions to overcome those challenges. WSG's vision is to create and deliver superior customized business solutions for human resource-related challenges, while building customer and owner value. In addition, WSG maintains a standard of ethics and excellence that earns them recognition as an industry leader. About EpsonEpson is a global technology leader dedicated to driving innovations and exceeding customer expectations in printing, visual communications, quality of life and manufacturing. Epson's lineup ranges from inkjet printers, printing systems and 3LCD projectors to industrial robots, smart glasses and sensing systems and is based on original compact, energy-saving, and high-precision technologies.  Led by the Japan-based Seiko Epson Corporation, the Epson Group comprises nearly 72,000 employees in 93 companies around the world, and is proud of its contributions to the communities in which it operates and its ongoing efforts to reduce environmental burdens. Epson America, Inc., based in Long Beach, Calif., is Epson's regional headquarters for the U.S., Canada, and Latin America. To learn more about Epson, please visit: epson.com. You may also connect with Epson America on Facebook (facebook.com/Epson), Twitter (twitter.com/EpsonAmerica), YouTube (youtube.com/EpsonAmerica), and Instagram (instagram.com/EpsonAmerica).  1 Color brightness (color light output) and white brightness (white light output) will vary depending on usage conditions. Color light output measured in accordance with IDMS 15.4; white light output measured in accordance with ISO 211182 iOS supported formats and files: Microsoft Word (.doc, .docx, Office 2003 or later), PowerPoint (.ppt, .pptx, Office 2003 or later), Excel (.xls, .xlsx, Office 2003 or later), Keynote (.key '09 format; Keynote 6.0 not supported), Adobe PDF (.pdf, PDF 1.7, Acrobat 8 compatible or later), JPG and PNG; Android supported formats and files: Adobe PDF (PDF 1.6), JPG, JPEG and PNG.3 To use Epson iProjection, the projector must be configured on a network. Epson projectors can be networked either through the Ethernet port on the projector (check model specifications for availability) or via a wireless connection. Check your owner's manual to determine if a wireless LAN module must be purchased separately to enable wireless connection on your Epson projector. Not all Epson projectors are able to be networked. Availability varies depending on model.4 WSG received Epson product for their participation and use of their statements.5 Color brightness (color light output) measured in accordance with IDMS 15.4. Color brightness will vary depending on usage conditions. The projectors used by a third-party lab for measuring color brightness were leading Epson 3LCD business and education projectors and leading 1-chip DLP projectors, based on NPD sales data for June 2013 through May 2014 and PMA Research sales data for Q1 through Q3 2013.6 Gamut volume of leading Epson business and education projectors compared to leading 1-chip DLP projectors, based on NPD data for June 2013 through May 2014. Volume is measured in 3D in the CIE L*a*b* coordinate space.7 Estimated street price. EPSON and Instant Off are registered trademarks, EPSON Exceed Your Vision is a registered logomark and Better Products for a Better Future and Epson iProjection are trademarks of Seiko Epson Corporation. Apple, Keynote and Mac are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. All other product and brand names are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective companies. Epson disclaims any and all rights in these marks. Copyright 2015 Epson America, Inc. CPD-50041 6/15 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20121130/LA21891LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/epson-adds-two-portable-projectors-to-its-ex-series-for-smbs-300175459.html SOURCE  Epson America, Inc. 