2015-11-10 LOS ANGELES, Nov. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- LUCY PET PRODUCTS LAUNCHES LUXURY LINE OF DOG SHAMPOOS AND CONDITIONING SPRAYS INSPIRED BY TWO SPECIAL RESCUE DOGS COMPANY CREATES LINE OF "PRODUCTS WITH A CAUSE" TO FUND THE LUCY PET FOUNDATION (5013c) TO BENEFIT ANIMAL WELFARE Lucy Pet Products has launched a new luxury line of dog shampoos and leave-in conditioning sprays, made cruelty free with natural ingredients. The relatively new pet specialty company, founded by president, Joey Herrick, former owner of Natural Balance Pet Foods, has committed itself to supporting animal welfare and donates its net profits to The Lucy Pet Foundation. Also founded by Herrick in 2013, The Lucy Pet Foundation is a registered 5013c animal charity whose mission is to reduce U.S. pet overpopulation and prevent the euthanasia of over 80,000 dogs and cats per week. According to Herrick, "We're committed and proud to be a sustainable, ethical company with a cause to help animals in local communities around the country. Supporting animal welfare is at the heart of what we do." He added, "A major inspiration for this innovative line of shampoos and conditioning sprays was a beautiful 18 month old Golden Retriever/Saluki mix dog I recently rescued from the Los Angeles East Valley Animal Shelter, "Surfin' Jack!" Jack's vivacious personality inspired her own signature shampoo and conditioner as well as a full line of 10 other products. Each formula is made with natural ingredients that address common issues, such as dry skin, allergies, anxiety and dull coats." The Lucy Pet Products line of shampoos and leave-in conditioning sprays include: 1) Surfin' Jack Moisturizing Coconut Shampoo & Leave-in conditioning spray; 2) The Big Apple Skin Soothing Apple Oatmeal Shampoo & conditioner; 3) Purple Rain Calm and Clean Lavender Shampoo & conditioner; 4) Blue Lightning Blueberry Brightening Shampoo & conditioner; 5) Berry Berry Smellicious Tropical Freshening Shampoo & conditioner; 6) Pup a Dub Dub Gentle Formula Shampoo & conditioner. Packaged in high quality, recyclable metal bottles, Lucy Pet Products shampoos and conditioner are created with natural ingredients and manufactured in a 100% solar powered production facility in Southern California. None of the products contain parabens, sulfates, phosphates or other harsh chemical ingredients. Lucy Pet Products has also formed an exclusive distribution partnership with Central Pet Distribution and General Pet Distribution to service the Independent Pet Specialty retail channel. Lucy Pet Products are also available Petco stores nationwide, and exported worldwide. Herrick concluded, "We are extremely proud and excited about our partnership with Central Pet, General Pet and Petco and are looking forward to introducing other Lucy Pet Products exclusively to the pet specialty retail store channel." For further information on Lucy Pet Products or The Lucy Pet Foundation, please call (844) 724-5829. Forinternational distributor inquiries, contact info@lucypetproducts.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lucy-pet-products-launches-products-with-a-cause-a-luxury-line-of-dog-shampoos-and-conditioning-sprays-to-support-animal-welfare-300175516.html SOURCE  Lucy Pet Products 