2015-11-05 HOUSTON, Nov. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --The beauty of fall engages all the senses, with special emphasis on taste. Savor the flavors of the season with hot beverages that are easy to create with these fun kitchen tools. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151104/283801  Whip up frothy hot chocolate or frothed hot apple cider in the JURA Automatic Milk Frother, which can also create thick, rich frothed or heated milk for cappuccinos and lattes.Three temperature settings  hot, warm and cold  add to its versatility. Enjoy a nice, hot cup of tea, brewed from your favorite loose tealeaves, without the hassle of messy cleanup. The Frieling Easy Clean Tea Infuser has an exclusive removable bottom that makes it a snap to rinse out every last tealeaf. The micro-etched stainless steel has an intricate pattern of perforations that allow the flavors of tea to develop, while trapping tealeaves inside. Different types of tea require different steeping times to reveal unique flavors and prevent bitterness, so the CDN Tea Timer is preprogrammed with ideal steeping times for green, white, black and herbal teas. It features multiple channels for timing different teas at once, with a different alarm sound for each channel. For a change of pace, the Zoku Slush & Shake Maker transforms fresh fall flavors and ingredients into homemade slush, smoothies and milkshakes in as little as seven minutes with a simple mix and scrape technique. Recipes for Pumpkin Eggnog Milkshake, Fall Chai Tea Milkshake and more can be found at www.zokuhome.com. Compatible with single cup brewers, the Reduce 13-Ounce Divot Tumbler features Fire + Ice technology to keep coffee and more reliably hot  or cold  up to 6 hours. This eco-friendly reusable tumbler fits into standard car cup holders, perfect for taking your joe on the go. Experience the fragrance and taste of freshly ground coffee using the Peugeot Collection Antique Coffee Mill.This classic crank-handle with Peugeot's exclusive milling mechanism produces an extremely fine grind for espresso to a coarse grind for French press. Peugeot has been manufacturing coffee mills since 1840.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tools-for-quick--easy-fall-beverages-300172355.html SOURCE  Zoku; JURA; Frieling; CDN; Peugeot 