2015-10-20 SAN FRANCISCO -- Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., has raised the most money from the tech industry thus far, but Hillary Clinton is also quickly gaining traction among techies and Silicon Valley. The candidate and her super PAC collected more than $197,500 from individuals in the tech industry from July through September, federal data released this month show. The former secretary of state pulled in more contributions from Silicon Valley during the period than any of her rival candidates, according to Crowdpac, a nonpartisan tech startup that analyzes data on contributionsto candidates and their super PACs. Trailing closely behind Clinton was Rubiowho accumulated approximately $155,900 from the industry during the same time period. Thats $120,727 more than the next Republican, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush who raised just$35,173 during the three-month stretch. Rubios strong fundraising shows that Republican techies may be starting to coalesce around the first-term senator. Since the start of campaigning, Rubio and his super PAC lead the way with $3.2 million raised from the tech industry, followed by Bush with $1.5 million, Clinton with $502,000 and Sen. Bernie Sanders, D-Vt.,totaling $189,000. Rubio's number is inflated by a $3 million infusion last spring from Oracle founder and ChairmanLarry Ellison.Meanwhile, it appears that former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorinas strong performance in recent polls has also begun to translate into more donations from her previous industry, and so far, she has raised a total of $69,000 from Silicon Valley donors.   

 

Members of the tech industry have collectively donated nearly $5.9 million to 2016 presidential candidates and their respective super PACs. Republican Marco Rubio and Democrat Hillary Clinton raised the most money from techies for the months of July through September.
Crowdpac


 No Tech Candidate Yet Silicon Valley has yet to become truly active in the 2016 election. The industry has so far donated just under $5.9 million to candidates and their super PACs, according to Crowdpac. By comparison, Silicon Valley put in more than $11.2 million into the 2012 election and is expected to surpass that figure this timearound. Theres a lot of opportunity. The valley is getting more political than Ive ever seen it before, said Elliott Suthers, vice president at Highwire PR and the communications and media advisor for the McCain/Palin 2008 presidential campaign. Theres been a lot of advocacy groups and industry groups spending time in D.C., so theres obviously interest there. To me that would represent a huge opportunity for a candidate. Rubio still has a way to go before securing Silicon Valley's full support, but some say the candidate has a strong shot at doing so thanks to his pro-business views and his stance on H1B visas that would allow the tech industry to bring in more immigrant workers. Additionally, Rubio's youth, energy and optimism could prove attractive to the tech industry as was the case for President Barack Obama in the last two elections. Rubio does appeal to that generational sense of optimism the valley has, said Dallas Lawrence, chief political advertising strategist for Rubicon Project, an online advertising firm. Lawrence also served as the former senior fundraiser for the 2000 Silicon Valley Bush for President Team. It helps that [Rubio is] one of the younger candidates running, so generationally, hes also more aligned with the new up-and-coming leadership of Silicon Valley.  

 

Republican presidential candidate and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio currently leads the race in terms of Silicon Valley contributions with $3.2 million raised by his campaign and super PAC thus far. Above, Rubio speaks at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) at National Harbor in Maryland in February.  
Kevin Lamarque /Reuters


 That has already translated into support from other notable tech industry leaders, including Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and Cisco Executive Chairman John Chambers, both of whom have placed contributions to Rubios presidential campaign. Ultimately, however, it may prove tough for any Republican to rally the tech industry. With history favoring Democrats -- the Bay Area has voted blue in every presidential election going back to 1984 -- and the presence of socially-conscious leaders like Apple CEO Tim Cook, Silicon Valley verylikely may throw its support behind whoever Obama endorses. This way of thinking has already begun to reflect in donations for Clinton, whohas received hundreds of donations from numerous employees from tech giants like Apple, Google, Facebook and Microsoft. When it comes to the business issues, many of these CEOs align with the Republican partys platform. When it comes to the social issues, they align with the Democrat partys platform, Lawrence said. The candidate who will be successful is the one who can thread the needle between both of those.  

 

U.S. Republican presidential candidate and former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina is doing well in recent polls, but she's still got work to do if she wants to gain Silicon Valley's support. Above, Fiorina speaks during the Heritage Action for America presidential candidate forum in Greenville, South Carolina, on Sept. 18. 
Chris Keane/Reuters


 So Youre Saying Theres A Chance? For Fiorina, who has moved into the top three among various polls tracking the Republican race, the latest filings show the former HP CEO is gaining traction among those in tech, a big shift from last springwhen her poll numbers and fundraising was paltry. Fiorina has yet to challenge other Republicancandidatesfor the tech industrys support -- she trails Rubio, Bush and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie in Silicon Valley donations -- but the candidate is showing theres a chance she could rally an industry she once played a key role in. "In Silicon Valley, the support for Carly will fall largely around ideological lines with the libertarian-leaning folks being very supportive," said John Mracek, CEO of NetSeer, based in Mountain View, an online media and audience-targeting company. Fiorina has been clear about her support for small government and light regulation -- views that have the potential to resound with some of the tech industry's libertarian, big-name venture capitalists like Marc Andreessen and Peter Thiel, Mracek said. In August, venture capitalist Tom Perkins, one of the HP board members who led Fiorinas 2005 ouster from the company, donated $25,000 to the candidates super PAC and took out a full-page ad in the New York Times with a letter in her support. Fiorina has also rallied support from dozens of employees at companies like Microsoft, Amazon, Cisco, IBM, and fivedonations for a total $1,878 from HP employees. Perkins support is a sign that should Fiorina continue making gains, and other big-money techies may also give the former CEO a second look. Should Fiorina still be around as the GOP pool thins out, Silicon Valley may decide to go ahead and back one of its own. Shes not the best person who could ever come out of Silicon Valley but is somebody who does have a [tech] mindset, said Tasso Roumeliotis, CEO of Location Labs by AVG, a mobile security firm. Its a mindset that I would like to have in the White House, and its better than the rest of the field. 