2015-11-04 NEW YORK, Nov. 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- To help Americans jump-start their 2016 vacation planning, Travelzoo Inc. (NASDAQ: TZOO), a global Internet media company, announced the five destinations that will offer the best bang for the buck in 2016. Travelzoo deal experts predict up to 60% savings for travel to Norway, Cuba, Puerto Vallarta, New York City and Canada. "There are two common trends when it comes to travel deals in 2016  increased inventory and the strong dollar," said Gabe Saglie, senior editor for Travelzoo. "In New York and Puerto Vallarta, hotels have to fight for travelers' dollars. And the strong dollar is not only making international travel affordable to Canada, Norway and Cuba but also domestic destinations as Britons and Canadians pull back on visiting cities like New York." NorwayDeal example: Flights from New York to Oslo for as low as $144 each way.Why 2016 is the year to go: A strong U.S. dollar at or near 10-year highs versus the Norwegian krone softens the sticker shock for this traditionally expensive destination. Additionally, the low-cost carrier Norwegian Air Shuttle has made this once remote destination easily accessible and affordable by flying non-stop from seven U.S. cities to Scandinavia. Norway is also a great starting point for a European vacation  book a flight with a layover in Oslo and then head to Amsterdam, Paris or Barcelona. CubaDeal example: $1599 -- Cuba Vacation w/Air: Lowest Price We've SeenWhy 2016 is the year to go: Changing geopolitical conditions and increasing interest makes Cuba an up-and-coming destination for Americans in 2016. Travel searches for Cuba increased by 205% in 2015 compared to 2014, making 2016 the time to go before even bigger crowds follow. As travel restrictions soften, more vacation companies are launching aggressive sales. Packages that cost $3,000 per person last year are now as low as $1,599  a 47% decrease for 2016 travel dates. Rising demand is also resulting in increased cruise offerings, people-to-people tours and charter flights. The tour operator Group IST will add a second ship to its fleet in December 2015 and Carnival will send a ship to Cuba in May 2016. American Airlines, Delta Airlines and JetBlue Airways have also added flights from the U.S. to Cuba. Flights still must be booked through a third party, but the process is easier and travelers have more options. Puerto Vallarta:Deal example: $849 -- Puerto Vallarta 'Dreams' 7-Night Vacation w/AirWhy 2016 is the year to go: Puerto Vallarta is rebounding from U.S. Department of State security warnings, making the West Coast city work harder to compete with hot spots like Cabo and Cancun, which means travelers can find luxury deals without the high price tag. The plunging peso against the U.S. dollar also makes this beach destination even more attractive to Americans. With five new hotel openings in 2015 and two more in 2016, travelers can anticipate nightly rates at 4-star resorts to average $156 for peak season dates and $81 for low season dates  an 18% decrease from 2013. New York:Deal example: $109 -- NYC: Times Square Hotel incl. Weekends, Save $95Why 2016 is the year to go: The Big Apple, while still one of the most expensive destinations in the U.S., has seen hotel rates lag behind other cities recently due to two factors: (1) softer inbound visits from international tourists and (2) an increase in lodging options. As travel from Europe and Latin America softens due to the strong dollar, hotels and tourist attractions in New York are offering deals up to 50% off regular prices. In 2013, the average daily rate for a New York City hotel was $290; but 2016 deals for 3- and 4-star hotels are as low as $109 per night. With 40,000 hotel rooms added in the last 7 years and the booming availability of home rentals, aggressive hotel discounts are likely to continue in 2016. CanadaDeal example: $75 -- Downtown Vancouver Hotel w/$20 Hotel CreditWhy 2016 is the year to go: Americans can trade skiing in Vail for skiing in Banff this winter, as the strong U.S. dollar effectively puts a "25% off" sale sticker on travel to Canada. In major cities, travelers can expect to find Vancouver 4-star hotel rates as low as $75 per night during winter and Toronto 4-star hotels for $89 per night during winter. Travelzoo deal experts have also seen fares from New York to Toronto as low as $80 each way  an 18% year-over-year decrease. For Americans looking to take advantage of the strong dollar, Canada is an easy and quick getaway. To book your 2016 vacation, visit www.travelzoo.com/wow2016  About TravelzooTravelzoo is a global media commerce company. With more than 28 million members in North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific and 26 offices worldwide, Travelzoo publishes offers from more than 2,000 travel, entertainment and local companies. Travelzoo's deal experts review offers to find the best deals and confirm their true value. Certain statements contained in this press release that are not historical facts may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements about our plans, objectives, expectations, prospects and intentions, markets in which we participate and other statements contained in this press release that are not historical facts. When used in this press release, the words "expect", "predict", "project", "anticipate", "believe", "estimate", "intend", "plan", "seek" and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Because these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, including changes in our plans, objectives, expectations, prospects and intentions and other factors discussed in our filings with the SEC. We cannot guarantee any future levels of activity, performance or achievements. Travelzoo undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this press release. Travelzoo and Top 20 are registered trademarks of Travelzoo. All other names are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective owners. 