2015-10-22 NEW YORK, Oct. 22, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- About fingerprint biometrics Biometrics performs verification and identification processes to authenticate an individual. In a verification process, a one-to-one matching method is used to verify the biometrics traits of an individual against a particular template in a database, whereas in an identification process, a one-to-many matching method is used wherein the biometrics traits of an individual is matched against all templates in the database to determine an individual's identity. Fingerprint biometric technology matches the fingerprint scan of an individual with the database to identify and verify an individual based on features such as arch, whorl, and loop. Pattern-based algorithms are used to match an individual's fingerprint against the database. With advances in technology, AFIS was introduced in 1986, which is being used by a number of law enforcement agencies to identify a criminal.  Technavio's analysts forecast the global fingerprint biometrics market to grow at a CAGR of 22.45% over the period 2014-2019. Covered in this reportThis report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global fingerprint biometrics market for 2015-2019. To calculate the market size, the report considers revenue generated from the sales of fingerprint biometric solutions. These include sensor, scanner, reader, fingerprint analysis software, and database. The report includes revenues generated from hardware, software, and integrated solutions. Revenues generated from aftersales services are not included to calculate the market size. The report provides a detailed analysis of the following:- End-users: government sector, transit sector, healthcare sector, BFSI sector, and retail- Geographies: North America, APAC, Europe, Latin America, and MEA Technavio's report, Global Fingerprint Biometrics Market 2015-2019, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects in the coming years. The report includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key regions- APAC- Europe- Latin America- MEA- North America Key vendors- 3M Cogent- Bio-key- Crossmatch- HID Global- M2SYS Technology- NEC- Safran Other prominent vendors- Anviz global- Apple- BioEnable- BioLink Solutions- Dermalog Identification Systems- Diamond Fortress- Fingerprint Cards- Fulcrum Biometrics- Futronic- IDEX ASA- Inception Technologies- Precise Biometrics- SecuGen- Suprema  Key market opportunities- Integration of fingerprint biometrics in smart cards- For a full, detailed list, view our report Key market challenge- Security concerns- For a full, detailed list, view our report Key market trend- Multimodal biometrics- For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report- What will the market size be in 2019 and what will the growth rate be?- What are the key market trends?- What is driving this market?- What are the challenges to market growth?- Who are the key vendors in this market space?- What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors?- What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03334943-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker reviews, finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.comUS: (339)-368-6001Intl: +1 339-368-6001 