2015-11-05 NEW YORK, Nov. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Verificient Technologies, Inc.,a technology company specializing in identity authentication and online remote proctoring, today announced their commitment to protecting student personal information, by signing the Student Privacy Pledge developed by The Future of Privacy Forum (FPF) and The Software & Information Industry Association (SIIA).  Verificient Technologies, along with President Barack Obama, have joined the SIIA and FPF to introduce and sign the Student Privacy Pledge, which safeguards student privacy regarding the collection, maintenance and use of student personal information. The group is comprised of the leading names in education technology, including: Amplify, Apple, Blackboard, Canvas, Google, Kahn Academy, Microsoft, Parchment, Schoology, Turnitin and others. Verificient Technologies has administered over 250,000 assessments in over 45 countries and works with more than 50 institutions globally. The Student Privacy Pledge states that service providers to schools are accountable to: As a fully integrated application, Proctortrack provides automated remote proctoring for distance learners taking tests online. The Proctortrack solution fulfills the Department of Education's requirement for identity authentication.  "We're all about ensuring the integrity of the online credential," said Tim Dutta, CEO and co-founder of Verificient Technologies. "Part of that integrity is about creating the gold standard to provide a safe, simple and secure method for test takers to take an assessment anytime, anywhere in the privacy of their own space - while protecting their data. To uphold these standards, we felt the importance and commitment to participate in the FPF's Student Privacy Pledge was aligned to our mission." About Verificient TechnologiesVerificient Technologies is a software-as-a-service (SaaS), company that specializes in identity verification through its patented technology that uses biometrics, computer visioning and machine learning to verify the identity of online test takers. Proctortrack is integrated with several LMSs, including Canvas, Blackboard, Moodle, Desire2Learn, eCollege and Sakai. Verificient works with higher education, K-12 and corporations to ensure the integrity of the online credential. For more information, visit www.verificient.com and www.proctortrack.com. The Pledge, and more information about how to support the Pledge is available at http://studentprivacypledge.org/. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/verificient-technologies-joins-the-student-privacy-pledge-300173064.html SOURCE  Verificient Technologies, Inc. 