2015-11-11 Apple Inc.s planned investment in research and development in Indonesia will enable it to meet rules requiring locally produced content, allowing it to sell smartphones in the country beyond next year, according to Minister of Communications and Technology Rudiantara. Rudiantara, who like many Indonesians goes by only one name, said he told Apple executives on a trip to Silicon Valley last month that the company would be able to take the hardware route or the software and development route to comply with the proposed new rule. The regulation would require foreign firms selling phones in Indonesia from 2017 to use a minimum of 30 percent of domestically produced components. Apple said it would like to establish the R&D facilities, he said in an interview in his office in Jakarta on Wednesday. Asked whether Apple and the U.S. government still had any concerns about the rule, he said: Its done, done. A local Apple representative declined to comment when reached by phone. Other representatives from the company couldnt be reached to comment on Rudiantaras statement. The proposed rule is aimed at forcing foreign companies to produce phones in Indonesia and is part of a series of measures to promote domestic manufacturing and reduce the countrys persistent current-account deficit.The American Chamber of Commerce in Indonesia has been lobbying to relax the planned regulations for smartphones and said in a report last month that they would be a considerable hindrance to attracting foreign direct investment and didnt take into account the realities of global supply chains. Rudiantara said he outlined Indonesias position to U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for Economic & Business Affairs Charles H. Rivkin and U.S. Ambassador to Indonesia Robert Blake in a meeting in Jakarta last week and that they were okay with it. The Trade Ministry will release a formula later this month outlining how much companies like Apple would need to invest in R&D to meet the new local-content rules, he said. Indonesia imported $5 billion of smartphones last year to meet strong demand for the devices from the countrys 250 million people, Rudiantara said. This is a very encouraging development, said Lin Neumann, managing director of the American Chamber of Commerce in Indonesia. The local content requirement needs to be interpreted flexibly so that dynamic U.S. companies like Apple and others can find a path to making serious investments. Indonesia is struggling to attract foreign investment amid complaints about regulatory uncertainty, protectionist policies and doubts over whether the government of President Joko Widodo can follow through on pledges to implement business-friendly reforms. Foxconn Technology Group, a maker of iPhones for Apple, had discussed building a manufacturing plant in Indonesia but the government said in August it was unable to grant the companys request for a large amount of land. The chamber of commerces Neumann he said he hoped Indonesia would stop trying to force companies to invest. Other countries have tried it and backed away, he said. I would hope there would be an incentive-based approach to investment. 