2015-10-27 LONG BEACH, Calif., Oct. 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Epson America, Inc., a leading provider of business imaging solutions, today announced the WorkForce Pro WF-6590 multifunction printer (MFP) and the WorkForce Pro WF-6090 printer. The new printers are Epson's fastest letter/legal-size office printers to date with color and black print speeds of 24 ISO ppm and can save companies up to 50 percent on printing costs versus similarly-featured color lasers1. With high yield cartridges that can print up to 14 reams of paper before replacement is required, and capacity to hold up to 1,580 sheets2 of paper, the WF-6590 and WF-6090 are ideal for use by workgroups and can improve productivity by minimizing workflow disruptions to replenish supplies.  "Epson continues to expand its offering of low operating cost, high performance office printers," said Larry Trevarthen, director, Business Imaging, Epson America, Inc. "Epson's new WorkForce Pro printers allow organizations to bring networked, managed, low cost distributed color to the office at significant savings versus comparable laser printers." The new A4 letter/legal size models, WorkForce Pro WF-6590 MFP and WorkForce Pro WF-6090 printer, are designed to quickly produce professional-quality color documents with less frequent interventions. They use Epson's highest yield cartridges that can print up to 7,000 pages color/10,000 pages black3 and offer features including auto-duplexing, making them ideal for workgroups that print high volumes of color documents.  The WorkForce Pro WF-6590 and WF-6090 support PCL4, PostScript3, remote printing and cloud access. These new models can be configured to seamlessly integrate into networks for efficient deployment and management. The WF-6590 and WF-6090 models include standard security-related features such as PIN-based confidential job release; access and usage control; and SSL/TLS communication. The printers allow remote data collection compatible with leading third-party MPS software solutions, including PrintFleet, ECi FMAudit and Print Audit.  Additional features include:  Availability The WorkForce Pro WF-6590 multifunction printer ($549.99 USD; $669.99 CDN) and WF-6090 single function printer ($349.99 USD; $429.99 CDN) are available now through IT and specialty dealers, VARs, National Service Providers such as SHI and CDW, contract office suppliers and other authorized Epson commercial resellers.  About EpsonEpson is a global technology leader dedicated to driving innovations and exceeding customer expectations in printing, visual communications, quality of life and manufacturing. Epson's lineup ranges from inkjet printers, printing systems and 3LCD projectors to industrial robots, smart glasses and sensing systems and is based on original compact, energy-saving, and high-precision technologies.  Led by the Japan-based Seiko Epson Corporation, the Epson Group comprises nearly 72,000 employees in 93 companies around the world, and is proud of its contributions to the communities in which it operates and its ongoing efforts to reduce environmental burdens. Epson America, Inc., based in Long Beach, Calif., is Epson's regional headquarters for the U.S., Canada, and Latin America. To learn more about Epson, please visit: epson.com. You may also connect with Epson America on Facebook (facebook.com/Epson), Twitter (twitter.com/EpsonAmerica), YouTube (youtube.com/EpsonAmerica), and Instagram (instagram.com/EpsonAmerica). EPSON, DURABrite, PrecisionCore, TFP and WorkForce are registered trademarks, EPSON Exceed Your Vision is a registered logomark and Better Products for a Better Future and Epson Connect are trademarks of Seiko Epson Corporation. Mac is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. All other product and brand names are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of their respective companies. Epson disclaims any and all rights in these marks. Copyright 2015 Epson America, Inc. CPD-43013 07/15  Black and color print speeds are measured in accordance with ISO/IEC 24734. Actual print times will vary based on system configuration, software, and page complexity. For more information, visit www.epson.com/printspeed  1Compared with best-selling color lasers priced at $600 (USD) or less as of May 2015. Calculation based on continuous printing with highest-capacity cartridges. Actual savings will vary based on print task and use conditions. 2 With optional paper trays. 3 748XXL Black cartridge prints about 10,000 ISO pages. 748XXL color cartridges print about 7000 ISO pages on average. Replacement cartridge yields are based on ISO/IEC 24711 tests in Default Mode printing continuously. Cartridge yields vary considerably for reasons including images printed, print settings, temperature and humidity. Yields may be lower when printing infrequently or predominantly with one ink color. All ink colors are used for printing and printer maintenance, and all colors have to be installed for printing. For print quality, part of the ink from the included cartridges is used for printer startup and a variable amount of ink remains in the cartridges after the "replace cartridge" signal. For details, see www.epson.com/cartridgeinfo 4 Not all media types are supported for PCL printing. 5 Most features require an Internet connection to the printer, as well as an Internet- and/or email-enabled device. For a list of Epson Connect enabled printers and compatible devices and apps, visit www.epson.com/connect 6 NFC requires use of a device that includes NFC, and may require additional software. 7 Available on WorkForce Pro WF-6590  Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20121130/LA21891LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/epson-expands-workforce-pro-product-line-for-commercial-market-with-its-fastest-letterlegal-size-workgroup-printers-300166553.html SOURCE  Epson America, Inc. 