2015-10-19 NEW YORK, Oct. 19, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --VStock Transfer is pleased to launch its mobile application to better allow shareholders to access added value information such as DTC and DWAC status. VStock Transfer, a leading stock transfer and registrar company, is pleased to announce the launch of its mobile app, the VStock Stock Transfer application, a unique mobile app available to all shareholders of public companies that utilize the VStock Transfer platform.   The VStock Transfer mobile app is a tool that enables shareholders to access critical data related to VStock Transfer client companies. As a leading transfer agent for hundreds of publicly traded companies on NYSE, Nasdaq and OTC, VStock Transfer is often called by shareholders and funds to provide information regarding a particular client company's DWAC status, DTC eligibility status and/or updated corporate information. With the VStock Transfer mobile app, shareholders of issuer clients who use VStock Transfer as a stock transfer agent, gain additional exposure and the comfort that shareholders have timely access to beneficial information. The VStock app also provides investors with mobile access to the latest stock market data, news, industry conferences and VStock Transfer networking events.  "We are excited to launch our new VStock App as a simple way for shareholders and funds to have additional data at their fingertips," said Yoel Goldfeder, CEO of VStock Transfer. "We are committed to our clients and we are continuously thinking of ways to better service our family of portfolio issuer clients and, in turn, to allow their shareholders to have easier access to data and an overall positive shareholder experience." The app is currently available on Apple's App Store on the iPhone and Android. About VStock Transfer www.VStocktransfer.com - is a NYC based stock transfer and registrar firm servicing clients ranging from private companies to pre-IPO issuers to NASDAQ and NYSE MKT listed companies. VStock Transfer was founded by experienced securities lawyers to provide cost savings, DTC Eligibility, DWAC services, dedicated account managers, FREE 24-7 Issuer access online to shareholder reports, and outstanding customer service that will impress the Issuer and shareholders. To receive a free quote or for more information, feel free to call us at (212) 828-8436 or email us at info@VStocktransfer.com.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/vstock-transfer-launches-stock-transfer-industry-mobile-application-300161309.html SOURCE  VStock Transfer 