2015-10-29 WEST CHESTER, Pa. and CHISWICK,England, Oct. 29, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --QVC, the global leader in video and ecommerce retail, has announced the launch of its app for Apple TV, offering QVC customers more ways to discover its unique, ever-changing curation of people, places and finds. Customers can also make purchases directly through Apple TV with just a click of the remote. QVC for Apple TV will be available in the U.S. immediately upon the release of the all-new Apple TV, with U.K. and Germany to follow in the coming weeks.  "As consumers continue to view television programming in new and diverse ways, we are excited to leverage the video and commerce capabilities of Apple's tvOS to help our customers further engage with the QVC community," said Alex Miller, senior vice president, digital commerce at QVC. "This new offering demonstrates our ongoing commitment to bringing the QVC experience to life on today's most innovative platforms." After downloading the QVC app from the App Store for Apple TV, QVC customers will be able to view live programming on QVC as well as QVC PLUS, the retailer's second broadcast channel in the U.S. that offers unique live and pre-produced programming. From beloved hosts like David Venable of In the Kitchen with David, to new and exciting brand launches such as H by Halston, customers will have access to all of their favorite programming, as well as special events and shows leading into the holiday season.  For a streamlined purchasing experience, a "speed buy" button shown directly on screen during programming will allow registered customers to instantly view product details and purchase the item being showcased with one click or tap of their finger, without having to enter their credit card and shipping information. Customers can also browse through the product carousel at the bottom of the screen to view additional details and purchase items previously featured on-air.  "With the all-new tvOS operating system, we were able to create an innovative, immersive shopping experience on Apple TV," said Venkatesh Natarajan, vice president of IT commerce platforms at QVC. "QVC Apple TV will continue to evolve, offering new features and capabilities over time."  Earlier this year, QVC introduced the QVC for Apple Watch app concurrently with Apple Watch availability, enabling customers to view, with a quick glance at their wrist, QVC's most popular content  the item currently on-air and the Today's Special Value, QVC's best find of the day. In 2014, QVC introduced Apple's Touch ID sensor technology on the QVC app for iPhone, giving customers the option to log in to their QVC accounts with the tap of a finger. QVC also introduced new second screen features on its QVC app for iPad, enabling live broadcast viewing in the app and synchronizing product display in the app with the item being shown on air, establishing the iPad's use as a companion device to live programming.  The QVC app for iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and now Apple TV are available for free on the respective App stores. New Apple TV owners can download the QVC app from the App Store for Apple TV.  About QVC QVC, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary ofLiberty Interactive Corporation(NASDAQ: QVCA, QVCB), is the world's leading video and ecommerce retailer. QVC is committed to providing its customers with thousands of the most innovative and contemporary beauty, fashion, jewelry and home products. Its programming is distributed to approximately 340 million homes worldwide through operations in theU.S.,Japan,Germany,United Kingdom,Italy,Franceand a joint venture inChina. Based in West Chester, Pa. and founded in 1986,QVChas evolved from a TV shopping company to a leading ecommerce and mobile commerce retailer. The company's website,QVC.com, is ranked among the top general merchant Internet sites. QVC, Q, and the Q Ribbon Logo are registered service marks of ER Marks, Inc. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/qvc-launches-app-on-all-new-apple-tv-allowing-customers-to-tune-in-to-their-favorite-programming-and-shop-with-a-click-of-the-remote-300168798.html SOURCE  QVC, Inc. 