2015-11-03 WASHINGTON, Nov. 3, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Technology industry leaders Amazon, Apple, Google, Intuit and PayPal today announced the formation of Financial Innovation Now, a coalition that will promote policies to help foster greater innovation in financial services. "Innovation is coming to financial services, and now is the time for Washington to help enable a modern financial system that is more accessible, affordable, and secure," said Brian Peters, Executive Director of Financial Innovation Now. "This alliance of remarkably innovative companies brings a new voice to Washington's financial conversations, and we look forward to engaging on a wide range of opportunities. Whether it is protecting consumers, growing small businesses, or promoting financial literacy and savings, Financial Innovation Now wants policymakers to understand how new technologies can help solve today's policy challenges." The organization and its member companies believe that financial innovation will empower consumers by improving access to financial tools and services, increasing convenience and ease of use, and helping users save money and lower costs. In addition, it will enable small businesses to grow and succeed with greater access to capital and analytical tools to make strategic, data-driven decisions, and strengthen authentication and security solutions for everyone. Financial Innovation Now will promote policies that aim to: "The regulatory environment must allow these new innovations to enter and compete in the marketplace," said Peters. "We look forward to working with policymakers to promote the adoption of new services, many of which are already bringing significant benefits to consumers and small businesses today." To lean more about Financial Innovation Now and its policy priorities, visit: http://financialinnovationnow.org. About Financial Innovation NowFinancial Innovation Now is an alliance of technology leaders, including Amazon, Apple, Google, Intuit and PayPal, that are working together to modernize the way consumers and businesses manage money and conduct commerce. We believe that technological transformation will make financial services more accessible, safe and affordable for everyone, and we promote policies that enable these innovations. To learn more, visit: http://financialinnovationnow.org. Follow us on Twitter: @FIN_Now. Contact: Rob Haralson for Financial Innovation Nowrharalson@franklinsquaregroup.com(202) 251-3322 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151102/282971LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tech-industry-leaders-launch-coalition-to-advocate-for-policies-to-foster-innovation-in-financial-services-300170763.html SOURCE  Financial Innovation Now 