2015-11-10 Grace (Skyler Samuels) is on a mission --and its to find out the identity of the baby that was born in Kappa Kappa Taus bathroom 20-something years ago. But during episode 8 of Scream Queens, titled "Mommie Dearest,"the newsboy cap-sporting sorority sister uncovers the shocking truth: shes not that child. During the Season 1 installment, Chanel (Emma Roberts) hires foreign private eyes to prove that Grace and Zayday (Keke Palmer) are the Red Devil killers. But all the detectives are able to uncover is the crime-ridden past of Graces mother. The b---- apple doesnt fall far from the b---- tree, Chanel says after taking a glimpse atthe file of Graces mother. When Grace makes her way to the Kappa house (after learning the alarming news that her father Wes [Oliver Hudson]and Gigi[Nasim Pedrad]are engaged) shes bombarded by the sororitys menacing leader. Chanel tells Grace that she can see straight through her sweet and cuddly faade.She then accuses Grace of being the killer before unveiling the startling identity of hernemesis mother. Chanel explains that Graces mom is the very same Kappa who wanted to make TLCs Waterfalls the official house song. (Thats right, Graces mom was the party girl who was disgusted to learn that a sister gave birth duringKKTs biggest bash!) Meet Grace's parents! #ScreamQueens pic.twitter.com/q84xbMbMAJ 	 Scream Queens (@ScreamQueens) November 11, 2015 She ended up hooking up with a d-----bag by the name of Wes Garden [and] almost exactly nine months later she had you, Chanel says. You always suspected you were the baby in the bathtub, didnt you? Chanel then reveals her own theory, which involves Grace (who she thinks is the Red Devil killer)wanting to get revenge for the death of her mother by slaughtering all the sorority sisters. The KKT co-president adds that Graces mom was a shoplifting drunk who killed herself after wrapping her car around a tree. RT if your jaw is still on the floor. #ScreamQueens https://t.co/5ME7b7Yqkv 	 Scream Queens (@ScreamQueens) November 11, 2015 Wes confirms Chanels horrifying story. I was trying to protect you, he says,explainingto his daughter why he kept the identity of her mom a secret. But Grace is livid and tells her dad to stay away from her --after all, she is her mothers daughter and might just do something crazy. The episode ends with Denise (Niecy Nash), who swindled her way into the position of KKT housemother, telling Chanel to apologize to Grace for what she said about her late mom or else shell be calling Chad (Glen Powell) for a late-night rendezvous. Reluctantly, Chanel agrees, and meets up with Grace at a cafealong with an apologetic coffee. She tells Grace shes sorry for ambushing herwith that eye-widening information. Chanel even confides in Grace, revealing her own tragic relationship with her mother (who made her miss her graduation due to a zit). We all have mommy issues! Chanel tells her. Other Major Moments From Episode 8  Scream Queens airs Tuesday nights at 9 p.m. EST on Fox.  