2015-10-19 The Apple iPad Pro is one of the most awaited and hyped devices from the Cupertino company this year. The large-sized iPad was unleashed in the previous month. However, it is yet to be available for purchase. Since the device has now received Federal Communications Commission approval, its release is imminent. According to G for Games, Apple had declared last month that the iPad Pro will be available for purchase in November. However, it did not reveal the exact timeframe. Fresh rumors suggest that since the device has been found listed on the database of FCC, the telecommunication regulatory body in the U.S., it is likely to release in the first week of November. It debunks the previous rumors that suggested that the iPad Pro will be hitting the shelves by late-November. The Apple iPad Pro with the model number A1652 that supports Wi-Fiand LTE connectivity received FCC approval on Oct. 15. Mac Rumors has stated that the even the Apple Pencil stylus has been approved by the FCC. The Smart Keyboard that has been designed for the iPad Pro will be exclusively available with U.S. English layout at launch. On the other hand, the Magic Keyboard will be supporting various languages. The FCC listing has revealed that the iPad Pro will carry support for Bluetooth 4.2 and Wi-Fi 801.11 a/b/g/n/ac/. For LTE connectivity, the device will be equipped with Cat. 4 LTE modem that will deliver download and upload speeds of 150 Mbps and 50 Mbps, respectively. Since FCC is one of the last requirements to launch a device that support wireless connectivity, it indicates that Apple iPad Pro release date is very near. The 12.9-inch iPad Pro will be coming in three color options like space gray, silver and gold with a starting cost of $799 for the base model that comes with 32 GB storage supports only Wi-Fi. The 128 GB Wi-Fi-only variant is priced at $949. The 128 GB model that supports both Wi-Fi and LTE will be costing $1,079. The Apple Pencil will be priced at $69 and the Smart Keyboard will be available for $169. 