2015-11-10 SAN LUIS OBISPO, Calif., Nov. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Taylor Frigon Capital Management, an SEC registered boutique investment management firm based in San Luis Obispo, today announced the launch of the Israeli Innovation Strategy. The strategy will focus on strong, high-growth public Israeli companies.  "We are fascinated and impressed by the innovative spirit that embodies the tiny state of Israel. Many seasoned investors are unaware that Israel has developed some of the most impressive technologies ever produced," says Gerry Frigon, Chief Investment Officer of Taylor Frigon Capital Management. An integral part of the investment strategy of the principals of Taylor Frigon Capital Management over the past three decades has been in companies domiciled in Israel, primarily in the areas of core technology, healthcare and biotechnology.  "Israel is a global leader in R&D investment and home to global R&D centers for the likes of Google, Apple and IBM. There are more companies from Israel listed on the NASDAQ than from India, Japan and Korea combined," Frigon continues. Industry representation of the strategy will include Microwave Wireless Backhaul, High-Speed Network Inter-Connectivity, Post-Genomics Pharma Research Tools and VoIP Compression.  On the firm's Board of Advisors is the author of "The Israel Test" and "Knowledge and Power," George Gilder, whose expertise in technology and Israel has been a key resource to Taylor Frigon's fundamental analysis and qualitative metrics. About Taylor Frigon Capital Management With its roots dating back to the 1960s, Taylor Frigon is a respected leader in wealth planning and investment management with offices on the Central Coast and in the San Francisco Bay Area. The firm's strategy is long-term focused investments in growing and income producing public companies. In addition to investment strategies, the firm offers comprehensive wealth planning, venture capital investment and concierge services. Formore informationplease contact Karen Frigon, kfrigon@taylorfrigon.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/central-coast-investment-management-firm-launches-israeli-focused-public-equity-strategy-300175815.html SOURCE  Taylor Frigon Capital Management 