2015-10-23 The rumor mill has churned out a lot of information on forthcoming tech devices such as the iPad Pro, Lumia 950, Galaxy S7 and more. Here's the chatter aboutsome of the hottest tech products this week. The Apple iPad Pro has received FCC certification in the U.S. It is expected to release along with the Apple Pencil stylus in the first week on November, G for Games reported. The Apple iPhone 7 release date is almost a year away. There'sspeculation that it wont feature the conventional Home button to feature a large display in the same form factor as iPhone 6S. It's expected to arrive with improved battery performance, Sapphire Display, and Intel 7360 LTE chip. The Touch ID sensor is likely to be positioned on one of the sides of the handset. Currently, AT&T is the only U.S. carrier that is selling the Lumia 950 handset.Verizon Wireless will not allowthe handsets to work on its network, Windows Central reported.  

 

The purported image of the forthcoming entry-level Lumia 650 handset
WinBeta


 Other rumors suggest that Microsoft will be releasing an entry-level Lumia 650 handset within theyear. Its rumored specs include 5-inch display, Snapdragon 210 SoC, 2,100 mAh battery and microSD card, WM Power User reported. The Samsung Galaxy S7 is speculated to release in two flavors, premium and sub-premium. Rumors suggest that it will be probably announced on Jan. 19 next year. It is expected to feature magnesium and glass combination build, 20-megapixel camera, and Snapdragon 820 and Helio X20 chipset variants. BlackBerry Priv was recently spotted listed on the official website for preorders with a price tag of $749. The listing of the Android slider smartphone on BlackBerrys website is no longer available. The Xiaomi Mi 5 has been again rumored to feature Snapdragon 820 chipset. It will be the first handset to arrive with this new chipset. Fresh speculationsuggests since shipments of Snapdragon 820 will begin next year, the Xiaomi Mi 5 release date is set for early 2016.  

 

A leaked Verizon document of Motorola Droid Turbo 2
Android Central


 Motorola Droid Turbo 2 and Droid Maxx 2 smartphones are expected to get unleashed on Oct. 27. Both devices will available exclusively through Verizon. A leaked Verizon document has revealed key specs of Droid Turbo 2. It will be featuring a shatterproof display, 21-megapixel camera, 5-megapixel selfie camera, 2 TB of microSD storage, and a massive battery that will deliver 48 hours of battery life. 