2015-11-10 CHICAGO, Nov. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- For the 37th consecutive year, hundreds of the nation's leading regulators, legislators, corporate counsel, marketers and technology innovators joined representatives of the world's leading law firms to kick off the Brand Activation Association (BAA) Marketing Law Conference. The annual event, headquartered at Chicago's Downtown Marriott Hotel,is examining legislative issues affecting the advertising and marketing industry.  This year's conference is entitled, "Walking the Line: Between Innovation and Regulation" and runs through November 11. It is expected to attract more than 700 industry leaders from around the globe. "The theme of this year's conference perfectly sums up the challenge of our industry and why our event is more important than ever," says Ed Kabak, BAA's Chief Legal Officer. "Innovation drives rapid evolution in marketing and advertising, but the pace of changed laws and practices in the social and digital media, privacy, and intellectual property arenas and the evolving regulatory climate does not always keep up with technology. This conference is the best forum for the industry to learn all about the latest technologies, and best practices while sharing the practical legal knowledge necessary to move responsibly forward." After the attendees were welcomed by BAA leadership, the conference shifted into high gear with the annual focused industry review highlighting rapid response in absence of precedence. As has been the case in recent years, that address came from Linda Goldstein, a Partner in the Media and Marketing practice at Manatt, Phelps & Phillips LLP in New York. The session examined the leading and most newsworthy developments of the year and what they mean for marketing and advertising lawyers and professionals. Ms. Goldstein focused on current issues and cases, new platforms (such as Periscope & Meerkat), sweepstakes and skill contests on social and digital media, and other key issues. Both the legal and practical effects of these issues went under her microscope.  Upcoming highlights from the robust conference agenda include: "The importance of this conference cannot be overstated," according to Bonnie Carlson, President and CEO of the BAA. "Linda Goldstein's overview put into clear focus how much change our industry sees from year to year and upcoming presentations by Ken Florin, Ron Urbach and others will demonstrate how important it is for industry leaders to keep current. The issues we examine over the next two days will impact brands and consumers for years to come. It's easy to see why more and more industry leaders join us each year."  The BAA is a division of the ANA. Industry professionals and the general public are invited to keep up with the highlights at www.baalink.com, or Tweet/share pictures of the conference by adding hashtag #BAALaw2015 or by downloading the BAA 2015 Events Mobile App available through the Apple or Android app store. About the ANAThe ANA (Association of National Advertisers) provides leadership that advances marketing excellence and shapes the future of the industry. Founded in 1910, ANA's membership includes more than 600 companies with 10,000 brands that collectively spend over $250 billion in marketing and advertising. The ANA pursues "collaborative mastery" that advances the interests of marketers and promotes and protects the well-being of the marketing community. For more information, visit www.ana.net. About The BAAThe Brand Activation Association (BAA)  the rebranded Promotion Marketing Association (PMA)  is the national non-profit trade association dedicated to Brand Activation disciplines that convert strategies to building consumer bonds. Representing over $750 billion in sales, these disciplines include Relationship Marketing, Promotion Marketing, Retailer Marketing, Experiential Marketing, Influencer Marketing, and Content Marketing. Founded in 1911, the BAA has championed this industry through its combination of research, education, advocacy, and collaboration opportunities. The organization's membership is comprised of Fortune 500 companies; top marketing agencies, law firms, retailers, and service providers, representing thousands of brands worldwide. The BAA is headquartered in New York City with its affiliate, the BAA Educational Foundation, Inc. For more information, visitwww.baalink.org. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/baa-marketing-law-conference-opens-in-chicago-300176559.html SOURCE  Brand Activation Association 