2015-10-28 Xiaomi is reportedly gearing up to release the flagship Mi 5 with top-of-the-shelf configurations at a reasonable price tag. Here is a roundup ofthe rumored specifications, futuristic features, release date and price of the Xiaomi Mi 5. Xiaomi Mi 5 Specifications, Features The Xiaomi Mi 5 will reportedlysport a 5.2-inch display, aided by a QHD screen resolution of 2,560 x 1,440 pixels and Cornings Gorilla Glass 4 protection. This handset is believed to come with a fingerprint scanner for authentication and a Type-C USB portseen in many recently released handsets, according to a Weibo update picked up by WCCFTech. Under the hood, two sets of rumors point to two different processors. Therefore, the Mi 5 is expected to come powered by either the overheating issue prone Qualcomm Snapdragon 810 or the upcoming Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor. So far, there has been no official confirmation available on the exact commercial availability of the S820 chipset. Hence, Mi 5s release could depend on the availability of the latest chipset. Despite the fact that the Android 6.0 Marshmallow has already been released, the upcoming Xiaomi smartphone will apparently run the predecessor Android 5.1.1 Lollipop OS. The handset is believed to come equipped with 32 GB and 64 GB of built-in storage space. To top it off, a whopping 4 GB of RAM has also been rumored to be part of the device. When it comes to camera configuration, a 16-megapixelrear-facing sensor with optical image stabilization (OIS) support, along with a 5-meapixelfront-facing shooter has been tipped. A good-enough 3,000 mAh battery unit will reportedly keep the lights on for a longer period of time, NDTV citing the credible tipster KJumareported. The icing on the cake, however, is the 3D Touch mechanism. A recently leaked report said thatsimilar to Apple, Xiaomi is contemplating the idea of a pressure-sensitive display. To corroborate this claim, G For Games citing a credible Chinese Weibo report saidXiaomi has patented an Apple3D Touch-like futuristic mechanism. Xiaomi Mi 5 Release Date, Price  The Xiaomi Mi 5 is expected to be unveiled towards the end of this year. To be specific, WCCFTechreported the possible release date as end of November.As far as Xiaomi Mi 5 price goes, the device will reportedly set the buyers back by $399. 