2015-10-18 DUBAI, UAE, October 18, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --  Becomes the 1st ever pre-school to win global accolades, registers presence amongst big international conglomerates Honored with Golden Peacock Global Award for Innovation Management and European Assembly Socrates award in recognition ofintellectual development of society Staying true to its vision, to be a leader in nursery education, providing high quality international early years provision through best practice, British Orchard Nursery becomes the world's first-ever nursery-chain to win global awards at prestigious international forums. UAE's largest and most awarded nursery chain has once again proved its mantle by winning the highly coveted Golden Peacock Global Award for Innovation Management and the distinguished European Assembly Socrates award in recognition ofintellectual development of society.  (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151018/277985 )  (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151018/277986 ) At the Golden Peacock Awards ceremony held in London, British Orchard Nursery has established its credentials as one of the best early years providers across the globe as it marked its presence amongst the big regional and international giants such as General Motors, Dubai Customs, Tata Motors and London Stock Exchange among others. British Orchard Nursery was also the proud recipient of the European Assembly Socrates Award in France for its outstanding successes in business, economy and social progress. Nominees included politicians, businessmen and women, scientists, and those whose works help to further the economic, scientific and cultural development of society. The nominees were primarily assessed by the Socrates Awards Committee, Oxford, UK, which represents leaders within the business, education and science international communities. On receiving the coveted titles, Vandana Gandhi, the founder and CEO of British Orchard Nursery, said: "Teaching is in itself a rewarding experience, and when the efforts are recognized at such prestigious platforms, we are encouraged to perform even better. I would especially like to thank the jury and management of the Golden Peacock Award for championing the cause of innovation quality, and sustainability as well as the Socrates Committee for recognizing our endeavours. The credit also goes to the British Orchard team and the parents of our students who entrust us to provide a conducive educational environment where the children can bloom. "In this day and age, schooling requires more than conventional methods of learning, and we need to keep revising our teaching methods to keep up with the times. Schools need to design innovative ways to keep the students' interest afloat and to make the lessons enjoyable. We should realize that children respond far more positively to imaginative means of learning, yielding far better results. I take pride in the fact that at British Orchard Nursery we constantly find new ways to appeal to students, making sure that their time at school is relaxed, happy and worthwhile." Notes to the editor About Golden Peacock Award The Golden Peacock Awards were founded by the Institute of Directors, India in 1991 and are globally regarded as a benchmark of corporate excellence. The Awards Secretariat handles over12 functional Awards, receiving over 1000 entries, from over 25 countries all over the globe, every year. Each application is closely scrutinized by experts before it is short-listed for the award, which in turn is assessed at three levels by independent assessors and finally by a Grand Jury. About Socrates Award A sub category of European Business Assembly Awards, the Socrates Awards is presented in recognition of intellectual development of today's society in the fields of government management, education, science and technology, culture and art, economics and business and medicine and pharmacy. The applications are judged by the esteemed Socrates Committee that has the final say in the decision. Previous EBA award nominees include people from diverse fields who have significantly contributed towards the economic, scientific and cultural development of society.  About British Orchard Nursery  British Orchard Nursery is the Middle East's first largest nursery chain to be ISO 14001, 18001 and ISO 9001:2008 quality certified. Dedicated to helping children reach their highest potential, British Orchard Nursery is a well established nursery chain, holding a reputation for excellence and a deep commitment to developing young minds. Their passion for providing quality care and education is evident in their success and increasing number of branches. The nursery now occupies 14 sites across the UAE, with branches in Bur Dubai, Jumeirah, Dubai Silicon Oasis, and Dubai Media City, JBR (Dubai Marina, RTA, Dubai Women's College, Deira, DEWA, Dubai Municipality, Sharjah, Abu Dhabi (AlNahyan, & Al Bateen) and ADCO. Over the years it has become a well-trusted centre of excellence in UAE for early years' education. It follows the British National Early Years Curriculum, with the addition of structure and progression, whilst still adhering to OFSTED (The British regulatory body) guidelines. The Nursery chain has won numerous awards over the years including a Dubai Quality Appreciation Award (DQAA) as well as Dubai Human Development Appreciation Award (DHDAA) 2014. Having highly trained staff and fantastic facilities, the nursery caters to children from 6 months to 4+ years. Remarkably, the many facilities include an extensive gym and fitness centre specially designed for juniors, developing healthy practices through their "Gym-Juniorz" program, expertly promoting children's strength, flexibility, agility, coordination, self confidence and self esteem. The curriculum is planned to meet the needs of each child as an individual, ensuring that all seven areas of learning are interlinked throughout the day, providing in-depth and fulfilling learning experiences for children to explore, create, discover and study. The nursery provides extended care for children through their afternoon apples club and also fun filled and stimulating experiences at their holiday camps. The Nursery facilities include comprehensive creative spaces that offer role play to develop children's social and imaginative skills; soft play; swimming pools; a construction area where children recreate real life events and situations; a library, a water play area where they can develop understanding of challenging concepts in a 'hands on capacity'; sand area to explore scientific and mathematical concepts; messy play or painting area to develop creativity; grass area etc. The school offers Arabic lessons, ballet, and gym lessons as well as computer classes. For more details visit http://www.britishorchardnursery.com or call 800-PRE SCHOOL For media enquiries, please contact:
Anuroopa Mukherjee,
Pulse 360 PR & Marketing Communications,
Tel: +971-4-2327789,
Email:anuroopa@pulse360me.com 
SOURCE  British Orchard Nursery
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/uaes-british-orchard-nursery-bags-prestigious-global-awards-at-international-forums-533813861.html	    
	   SOURCE  British Orchard Nursery 