2015-11-03 FOUNTAIN VALLEY, Calif., Nov. 3, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --With, Inc. (OTCQB: WWTH) ("Company"), developer of the innovative Hang w/ ("Hang with") live streaming social media platform anda leading developer of mobile applications for the Apple iOS and Android platforms, today announced that it has completed a company name change from MEDL Mobile Holdings, Inc. to With, Inc. The name change better aligns the Company with its future strategy and reflects the Company's focus on its main growth driver. Coinciding with the company name change, With, Inc. will continue trading starting November 4, 2015 on the OTCQB under the new symbol WWTH, formerly MEDL.  "The name change to With and the change of our ticker symbol to WWTH are representative of our vision for the company and for the technology," said Andrew Maltin, CEO. Maltin continued, "We see monetized real-time video communication as the future. We've seen people come together from across the planet to literally be with each other - and this is only just the beginning. The underlying technology has applications in a wide variety of verticals across society. The Company plans to extend the technology vertically into several of these exciting new markets with new "w/" brands that can be developed and released at a fraction of the cost of building the original Hang w/ application."  With, Inc. grew from the Hang w/ app which was originally developed by MEDL Mobile and connects people through monetized live-streaming video (including integrated advertising, allowing users to create mobile Pay-Per-View "Digital Ticket" events, and in-app "Tipping") and simultaneous chat, allowing anyone with an iPhone, iPad or Android device to broadcast live to dozens, hundreds or even millions of viewers around the globe.  Since its launch the platform has reached millions of users across the app itself and via Facebook, Twitter and on the web. It has generated tens of millions of user sessions and notably attracted hundreds of actors, athletes, musicians and brands.  The Company's Custom Development Division will continue to develop applications for third party customers under the MEDL Mobile brand name.  To be added to the With, Inc. email distribution list, please email WWTH@kcsa.com with WWTH in the subject line. About With, Inc.With, Inc. is the development company that first incubated the Hang w/ app. Hang w/ connects people through live-streaming video and simultaneous chat, allowing anyone with an iPhone, iPad or Android device to broadcast live to dozens, hundreds or even millions of viewers around the globe.Hang w/ allows users to generate revenue by sharing revenue on pre- and post-roll integrated advertising; by enabling users to create mobile Pay-Per-View "Digital Ticket" events; and through user-to-user "Tipping" with digital coins which can be redeemed for money. Since its launch the platform has reached millions of users across the app and via Facebook, Twitter and on the web. The platform has notably attracted hundreds of actors, athletes, musicians and brandsincluding 50 Cent, Jared Leto, Timbaland, Common, Alan Tudyk, Nathan Fillion, The UFC, Larry The Cable Guy, Ali Landry, Claudia Jordan, Jamie Kennedy, Kaskade, Lucy Hale, Mike Metzger, Jake Ellenberger, Soulja Boy, Tony Orlando, Terrell Owens and many more. The platform was first developed by an industry pioneering team that has architected, created, developed, marketed and monetized hundreds of mobile apps for the Apple iOS and Google Android platform and driven tens of millions of downloads - with many apps reaching the top ten in the Apple App store - for such prestigious clients asAbout.com, Hyundai, Kaiser Permanente, Medtronic,Monster.com, The New York Times Company, Taco Bell, and Telefonica, Cheech & Chong, Encyclopedia Britannica, Marlee Matlin and Media Rights Capital. To learn more about Hang w/, visit hangwith.com You can download the app at www.hangwith.me For more information about MEDL Mobile Custom Development Services, please visit http://www.medlmobile.com Forward-Looking StatementsThe Company may make forward looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws regarding MEDL Mobile Inc. Forward looking statements include statement about plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events of performance and underlying assumptions and other statements that are different than historical fact. These forward looking statements are based on current management expectations and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may result in expectations not being realized and may cause actual outcomes to differ materially from expectations reflected in these forward looking statements. Potential risks and uncertainties include change in demand for the company's services, the impact of competition and government regulation and other risks contained in the statements filed from time to time with the SEC. All such forward looking statements whether written or oral, made on behalf of the company are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements and such forward looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and we caution you not to place undue reliance on these. Media Contact:Akbar HamidAkbar@The5thColumn.com 646-334-5489 Investor Contact:Phil Carlson / Allison Sosspcarlson@kcsa.com / asoss@kcsa.com212-896-1233 / 1267  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/medl-mobile-holdings-changes-name-to-with-inc-300171644.html SOURCE  With, Inc. 