2015-11-12 The reliable KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, who has the track record for predicting key Apple-related details, has some key information to share with regard to the upcoming flagship. As it turns out, Apple will stick to the current display technology for its iPhone 7. According to 9To5Mac, citing Kuos predictions, Apple may not opt for AMOLED screen, seen in the Samsung Galaxy series of devices, for the iPhone 7. Such a display technology may not be viable for Apple at least until 2018 and therefore, the upcoming flagship is out of question. For a long time, Apple was also rumored to feature OLED displays on its iPhones. However, the tech giant has always banked on the LCD panels and every year, the company tries to better the current-generation display technology. As it turns out, production volume is also a concern to not opt for OLED displays as Apple ships innumerable iPhone units, every year, across the globe. However, the Apple Watch features AMOLED screen. This display apparently helps in obscuring the divide between the bezel and the screen. Not to forget the interview of Jony Ive with The New Yorker, where he acknowledged the iPhone screens are in fact very old. This is precisely because the LCD contrast levels are reportedly low and hence, the display is not phenomenal as the AMOLED ones. To be specific, the blacks are blacker in OLEDs, while the LCD panels cannot reproduce that depth and detail. To top it off, Foxconn is reportedly setting up a new $4 Billion LTPS TFT-LCD factory to manufacture iPhone screens. This clearly said thatApple will not switch to AMOLED screens for the iPhone 7. Furthermore, Kuo recently picked up key information from Apple component suppliers and apparentlydocumented the same as a research note. Apple Insider got a copy of the published document and here are some of the key iPhone 7 specifications as reported: The device will feature a pocket-friendly 4.7-inch display. Under the hood, Apples A10 processor will power the handset and it will be backed by 2 GB of RAM. Speaking of exterior, the iPhone 7 will reportedly be slimmer than the iPhones released so far and Apple could settle for a new design, as iPhone 6s lineup mimics the same design seen in the predecessor iPhone 6 series. However,readers should note thatApple has not confirmed the iPhone 7 specifications thus far. 