2015-10-20 BERKELEY, Calif., Oct. 20, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --HR GAMES today announced that it has released the highly anticipated medieval game BROADSWORD: Age Of Chivalry for the iOS mobile phones and iPad mobile devices for the Americas and Asia. Based on famous historical events and set in the medieval period, BROADSWORD is a 3D turn based strategy game that allows players to recreate classic single and two player gaming experiences managing your resources, fighting your enemies and conquering new lands. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151020/278964  BROADSWORD: Age Of Chivalry boasts turn-based strategy gameplay as players move from mission to mission in the Middle Ages. Command one of four different armies: the English, The French, the Spanish, or the Hapsburgs in this exciting iOS experience! Lead different types of units into battle -- from archers, knights, pikemen and catapults along with special units per nationality. Command special 'hero' units such as Henry III, Joan of Arc and El Cid, among others whose special 'hero' powers can affect the entire battlefield. Broadsword allows players to construct buildings to raise units and create resources for their empires, as well as research technologies. Some details include: "We are excited about bringing the BROADSWORD: Age Of Chivalry experience of the millions of iPhones and iPads worldwide. Gamers have been looking for a turn based strategy game on iOS and iPads like BROADSWORD for a long time and now it is a reality," said Manny Granillo, CEO of HR GAMES. "Having a compelling game that you can play with a friend remotely while not losing the thrill of strategy was a difficult task. We hope that everyone will give it a try!" BROADSWORD is currently available on Android mobile devices and on the PC. Watch for it on consoles very soon. About HR GAMES HR GAMES is the publishing arm of Hoplite Research, LLC. As a developer, publisher and marketer of interactive entertainment software, Hoplite Research, LLC is currently celebrating its 14th year. Hoplite Research, LLC creates intellectual property and games through technology, innovation, and design on console, online, arcade, PC, Mac, and mobile devices. www.hoplite-research.com 2014-2015 Hoplite Research LLC All Rights Reserved. BROADSWORD: Age of Chivalry is a trademark of Hoplite Research, LLC. Published by Hoplite Research, LLC. The information on this site has been prepared by third parties, and Hoplite Research, LLC does not monitor, endorse or accept responsibility for the content on non-Hoplite Research, LLC sites. MEDIA CONTACT HR GAMESJohn CunninghamjohnC@hoplite-research.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/broadsword-age-of-chivalry-smashes-onto-apple-ios-and-ipads-in-the-americas-and-asia-300163525.html SOURCE  Hoplite Research, LLC 