2015-11-10 Tim Cook will need to convince Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi that the iPhone is cutting edge if theApple Inc. chief executive officer is to gain easier access to what will be the worlds second-largest smartphone market. The government on Tuesday said it would relax rules for companies as long as they can prove their technology is so "state of the art" that its impossible for them to comply with norms requiring 30 percent of products be sourced locally. The move paves the way for Apple to open its own stores in India, where it depends on resellers to market its China-made devices. Higher sales in India will help Apple maintain growth amid Chinas slowdown, while Modi stands to gain access to top technology that could eventually boost local manufacturing and create jobs. Apple currently has a minuscule 2 percent of the market in India, according toInternational Data Corp., partly because it doesnt wrap its devices into discounted deals but also because consumers are denied the Apple store experience that is important to sales. "Its a key competitive advantage to have a store," said John Butler, senior technology analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. "The retail store strategy is going to be a bigger part of their strategy around the world." Apple spokesman Alan Hely didnt respond to an e-mail seeking comment. Apple shares fell 3.2 percent to close at $116.77 Tuesday in New York. Smartphone shipments to India grew 44 percent in the April-June quarter from a year earlier, making it one of the worlds fastest-growing smartphone markets, according to IDC. The double-digit pace should continue for the next few years, IDC predicted, putting India on pace to overtake the U.S. by 2017. While half of Indias smartphone buyers have so far preferred devices costing less than $100, that could change as incomes rise. The nations consumers are the worlds most confident, according to Nielsen, and theyre taking on more credit as the economy recovers. Ramesh Natarajan, head of sales at Redington India Ltd., Apples main distributor in India, declined to comment when asked if the revised rules will benefit Apple. 