2015-10-19 NEW YORK, Oct. 19, 2015 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Student incentive mobile app KDZOO, which rewards students for good grades, has surpassed 250,000 active student users, a 5,000%+ increase since July, company executives announced today.  KDZOO is a revolutionary new mobile application that allows students to scan their report cards, using information on their grades, attendance and grade average improvement, to earn prizes on local and even national levels. KDZOO rewards include deals and gift cards to local and national businesses, scholarship information and once-in-a-lifetime experiences. It has ranked as high as third among free education apps in the Apple App Store, right behind iTunes U and Duolingo. Along with achieving this top ranking, KDZOO trended as a top search term in the App store for a 24-hour period. The app has a 4.5 star rating with more than 780 total reviews. The average session time for users is currently two minutes and twenty-two seconds. "The growth we've seen in our user base over the past few months is incredible," said Logan Cohen, Co-Founder and Co-CEO of KDZOO. "We're ecstatic to be reaching more students than ever before to help inspire them to achieve in and beyond the classroom." Trevor Wilkins, Co-Founder and Co-CEO of KDZOO added, "Students are clearly excited about doing well in school and we are proud to be on the frontlines of this education revolution. We look forward to continuing to facilitate and empower a true enthusiasm for learning." For more information about KDZOO visit http://www.kudzooapp.com/. To download the app: www.smarturl.it/RateKudzoo  About KDZOO KDZOO is a free mobile application that engages students in their education by rewarding them for their academic achievements. The app leverages the relationship students have with technology, inspiring students across the country by making 'hitting the books' tonight relevant tomorrow. KDZOO turns students' hard work in the classroom into real life rewards like deals and discounts at popular retailers and once-in-a-lifetime experiences, including an exclusive tour of the Coca-Cola corporate headquarters, a one-on-one session with a Wall Street trader or a chance to meet their favorite athlete. With a quarter million users KDZOO works with brands partnering with them to reach a wide swath of consumers including teens and parents.  KDZOO co-founders Logan Cohen and Trevor Wilkins are two recent college graduates based in New York City. Students can download KDZOO for free on the Apple App and Google Play Stores.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/rewards-for-good-grades-more-than-a-quarter-million-students-race-to-use-revolutionary-new-education-mobile-app-kudzoo-300161971.html SOURCE  KUDZOO 