2015-10-29 SEATTLE, Oct. 29, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Zillow, the leading real estate and home-related information marketplace, today debuted Zillow for Apple TV. A pioneer for the real estate category for Apple TV apps, Zillow has specifically designed this app for the all-new Apple TV, taking advantage of the great features of the device to bring the Zillow experience into the living room. The app will include Zillow's own channel, called Zillow TV, to provide high-quality video content designed to inspire homeowners and home shoppers.  "Looking for a home impacts the whole family. With the new Apple TV, everyone can gather together to view beautiful images of homes and feel like a part of this major decision," said Jeremy Wacksman, chief marketing officer, Zillow. "This latest app has combined the best of home shopping with new video content to help people to find the home of their dreams, while also providing fantastic ideas and information through videos for people currently living in their forever house." Zillow operates the most popular suite of real estate apps  more than half a billion homes were viewed on Zillow from mobile devices in July alone. When Zillow for Apple TV launches, people can access the company's leading real estate information, including Zestimate home valuations, directly from their television. Zillow TV will provide brand new, entertaining and high-quality video content for viewers on a variety of home-related topics, including unique homes, home improvement ideas, and tips for buying and selling. With Zillow for Apple TV, home shoppers will be able to view gorgeous property photos of nearby for-sale homes, home facts and history, mortgage information and Zestimate details  all directly from the new Apple TV. To save a home, a shopper simply needs to swipe right using the new Apple TV remote. Within the Saved Search and Saved Homes tabs, shoppers can find details on homes they love, whether they were saved on Apple TV, Mac, iPhone, iPad or even Apple Watch. Saved Searches also show price cuts and new listings as soon as they hit the market.  Zillow for Apple TV is available now for Apple TV owners on the App Store for Apple TV. About ZillowZillow is the leading real estate and rental marketplace dedicated to empowering consumers with data, inspiration and knowledge around the place they call home, and connecting them with the best local professionals who can help. Zillow serves the full lifecycle of owning and living in a home: buying, selling, renting, financing, remodeling and more. In addition to Zillow.com, Zillow operates the most popular suite of mobile real estate apps, with more than two dozen apps across all major platforms. Launched in 2006, Zillow is owned and operated by Zillow Group (NASDAQ:Z and ZG) and headquartered in Seattle. Zillow. Zillow.com and Zestimate are registered trademarks of Zillow, Inc. Apple TV, Mac, iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch are registered trademarks of Apple, Inc. (ZFIN)  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zillow-launches-app-for-new-apple-tv-300168863.html SOURCE  Zillow 