2015-11-06 NEW YORK, Nov. 6, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --TBWA Worldwide today announced the appointment of Baker Lambert as Global Data Director and Joshua Hirsch as Global Technology Director, demonstrating a commitment on behalf of TBWA to further integrate data and technology into its network offering. Lambert and Hirsch will work closely together and report to Luke Eid, President of Digital Arts Network and Global Director of Innovation. Baker Lambert has been with TBWAChiatDay Los Angeles for just under four years. In his most recent post as Director of Data Strategy, he has been working closely with TBWA Chief Strategy Officer Nick Barham and the LA brand teams to ensure data is integral part of the creative process. Lambert has led the data strategy for clients like Nissan, AirBnB, Miller Lite and more recently, for Netflix and Twitter. Outside of TBWA, Lambert has successfully led his own startups in the eSports space, and also spent time as a financial analyst on Wall Street. "Utilizing data to empower our strategy and creative has been key to the work we are producing for our LA clients, and I'm excited at the opportunity to lead the infusion of data into all our global brands and across our network," said Lambert. An industry veteran, Josh Hirsch spent the majority of his career at Big Spaceship in Brooklyn, where he built the technology practice from the ground up and worked across all major clients including notably HBO, Wrigley (skittles.com) and Lucasfilm (starwars.com). He was named one of the top 10 technologists in the industry by Adweek, and his work has been recognized across multiple award shows. "What led me to TBWA the most is their commitment to technology as a craft," said Hirsch. "I'm a firm believer in the notion that the best creative ideas are born out of the art-copy-code trio. My mission is to continue building the technology practice across the network to ensure we are delivering progressive and disruptive creative ideas to our global clients." Commenting on the appointment, Eid said: "We are continuing to evolve our business and our internal operations to incorporate data and technology into each step of our creative process and into our proprietary Disruption operating model. This evolution is impossible without the right leaders to spearhead these changes, both internally and with our clients, and I have complete confidence in Baker and Josh to get us there." About TBWA Worldwide TBWA Worldwide (www.tbwa.com) is a top ten ranked global advertising network that holds Disruption at its core to develop business-changing ideas for the brands it works with. TBWA has 11,500 employees across 301 offices in 97 countries and also includes brands such as AUDITOIRE, BEING, Digital Arts Network (DAN), eg+ worldwide, The Integer Group, TBWAMedia Arts Lab and TBWAWorldHealth. TBWA's global clients include Accenture, adidas, Apple, Energizer, Gatorade, GoDaddy, Henkel, McDonald's, Michelin, Nissan, Pernod Ricard, Pfizer, Standard Chartered Bank, Singapore Airlines, Sotheby's and Vichy. Follow TBWA on Twitter and Instagram and like us on Facebook. About Omnicom Group Inc. Omnicom Group Inc. (NYSE: OMC) (www.omnicomgroup.com) is a leading global marketing and corporate communications company. Omnicom's branded networks and numerous specialty firms provide advertising, strategic media planning and buying, digital and interactive marketing, direct and promotional marketing, public relations and other specialty communications services to over 5,000 clients in more than 100 countries. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tbwa-appoints-new-global-directors-for-data-and-technology-300174171.html SOURCE  TBWA 