2015-10-20 Die-hard Apple fans have been known to go to great lengths in the name of the tech brand: Some camp out in lines days in advance to get their hands on the latest products. Others cling onto every word of the 2-hour unveiling event each year to show off new laptops, tablets and phones. And a fewhave made pilgrimagestoCupertino, California, where Apple Campus is headquartered. But nowthere is a new way to show devotion to the Apple empire: Fans are traveling from all over the world in pursuit of the late Apple CEO Steve Jobs' unmarked grave in Alta Mesa Memorial Park in Silicon Valley. Jobs died in October2011 and was buried inthe 72-acrecemetery at a location that at his family's requesthas not beenrevealed to the public, according to the San Jose Mercury News.For some of Jobs' biggest fans, ithas become agreattreasure hunt, and they'redetermined to find his final resting place. "We had people wandering a lot around the cemetery with the claim they are going to find him," cemetery general manager Marilyn Talbot told theMercury News. "Good luck." Talbot said visitors hunting for his grave will come acrossa number of unmarked ones. Its not a requirement to mark your grave, she said. Sometimes people dont mark it for a certain length of time due to religious beliefs. Sometimes people want to think about it for a while. We tell people if they want to put an epitaph, to give it some time. Sometimes it grows to years before they put it on, but its hard to think about what to put on there. Biographer Walter Isaacson, who wrote "Steve Jobs," said the Apple co-founderis buried in an area near an apricot orchard where there are no future plots planned. Steve Jobs is buried in an unmarked grave pic.twitter.com/TKDAkLenNK 	&mdash; ViRaL (@viral2day) September 26, 2015  "Over the years they had discussed, in an offhand manner, where they might like their ashes to be scattered, according to the book. But on that Monday (two days before his death) he declared that he did not like the idea of his body being cremated. He wanted to be buried in the cemetery near his parents. Despite this lead, it does not seem any Apple fans have beensuccessful in their search -- and that is not for lack of trying. Almosttwo entire remembrance books in the cemetery's lobbyhave been filled byvisitors who came in search of Jobs' burial site since his death four years ago. One woman from Indonesia wrote in the book that she had promised herself she would eventually meet Jobs. Now,here I am at the closest possible way to say something to my greatest idol, she wrote. May you rest in peace, sir. My prayers will always be with you. 