2015-10-21 SAN FRANCISCO -- It began with an apology. For 10 minutes Twitter co-founder and recentlyreinstalled CEO Jack Dorsey paced the stage in front of thousands of developers, marketers and even his own employees to share the story of his company and apologize to a community that had not been properly addressed prior, he admitted. Somewhere along the line our relationship with developers got a little bit complicated. We want to come to you today and first and foremost apologize for our confusion, Dorsey said. Reminiscent of how his startup has grown, the 38-year-old CEO was dressed in Twitters first company T-shirt. We need to have this conversation with you, and we need to start this today, Dorsey said. Developers on Twitter: please tweet your ideas and requests using hashtag #helloworld. We&#39;re listening! 	&mdash; Jack (@jack) October 21, 2015 But it wasnt just a call for conversation. Dorsey, the product visionary behind Twitter, had an offering -- several, in fact-- for the community before him. He kicked off a nearly two-hour keynote speech in whichabout a dozen Twitter leaders presented over 20 updates to Fabric, Twitters year-old software development kit. Many of those developers heapedpraise on the improvedsystem. The hard work showed. Theres nothing really brand-new, but they put together a system. Fabrics a really good product because they're trying to help developers, especially new app developers, have easy access to all the right tools, said Hector Benitez, a back-end software developer who does freelance work through Toptal. Start From Scratch A year and a half ago Fabric was just an idea. Nowits an overarching body for Twitters developer system: Crashlytics, Twitter Kitand MoPub. The software development kit is in competition with Googles, Facebooks, Yahoos and many of other code bases and systems. But Fabric has shown its worth. Fabric now boasts nearly 250,000 developers. In comparison, Yahoos network has about 200,000, and Facebookswas connected to 200,000 in 2012. Twitters Crashlytics is installed on 1.325 out of 1.4 billion active Android devices, the company announced Wednesday. Twitter has some big-name appsthat are supportersas well, including popular dating app Tinder, mobile game Dots and the National Basketball Association. Among the new features in Fabric are eight new partners -- Stripe, Amazon Web Services, Optimizely, Nuance, Appsee, GameAnalytics, Mapbox and PubNub -- to offer more services. We have very much the same vision on making developers lives easier, said Suneet Shah, senior product manager at Optimizely, an optimization system for testing apps that now integrates with Fabric. Were focused on making it supereasy to integrateso they can just focus on building great apps. Mind blown watching @beardigsit and @romainhuet live-code not one but TWO iOS apps on stage at #TwitterFlight pic.twitter.com/lzEbqrszkg 	&mdash; Kevin Weil (@kevinweil) October 21, 2015 Twitter demonstrated just how easy it now is to build an app almost solely with Fabric. In an under-30-minute demo, Bear Douglas and Romain Huet -- twodeveloperadvocates among Twitter's team of 50 --built two Apple iOS apps nearly from scratch through Fabric. The duoshowed offseveral new tools, including quick marketing tools like in-app screenshots powered by fastlane -- a recent acquisition that was quietly made three weeks ago -- andOptimizely for testing. That presentation wooed some developers.Fabric has simplicity, said Caren Garcia, a developer who works for Sinch, a communications code-base for mobile apps. It was impressive to see how easy it is to integrate their tech. Raking The Revenue Not only was Fabric castas better and more accessible than competitors, but the advertising and revenue integration drew attention. I was pleasantly surprised that they integrated Stripe. Once I get the hang of what it takes, I want to integrate payments, Garcia said. As Facebook has garnered praise for customer targeting and Snapchat for video advertising products, Twitter has announced several expansions that follow those. Twitter expanded its Audience Insightsand also offers native video ad features through its MoPub system. 
Twitter Inc. (TWTR) Recent Quarterly Revenue | FindTheCompany Theres so much you can do with video ads, Douglas told International Business Times. Native ads really feel seamless in your content. If youre not slamming your users with videos every 30 seconds it can kind of be an addictive experience. Twitter, in part, is counting on video ads on mobile for its own growth. In July, Twitter reported sales up 61 percent due to growth in its mobile ad business. Revenue from smartphones accounted for 88 percent of the total $502 million. Twitter reports its third-quarter earnings for 2015 on Oct. 27. 