2015-10-30 Billboard is in some hot water Friday morning after tweeting a photo of Kim Kardashian West and Kanye Wests daughter, North West. Twitter users are calling the outlets caption of the 2 year old disgusting and trash. At 8 a.m. on Friday Billboard shared the following tweet: The apple doesn't fall far from the tree... https://t.co/OdeEaTmY6O pic.twitter.com/DnflSujn2A 	 billboard (@billboard) October 30, 2015 The photo caption states, the apple doesnt fall far from the tree  Followers of the outlet are calling the text indecent for insinuating anything sexual. Readers immediately began to comment on the post, demanding that Billboard delete the tweet. Whats further disturbing is that the link to the article accompanying the tweet is about Kimand Kanye's young daughter telling paparazzi not to take photos. A video embedded in the story features North West being brought to dance class when she relays the message to the photographers: I said no pictures.  Based on Kanye Wests history with the paparazzi  like his run in with one paparazzi member in July 2013 at Los Angeles International airport  a photo caption about North Wests desire for no photos makes sense. However, people are upset about the outlet's decision to use an image of the child licking a lollipop along with the caption that Billboard chose. Check out the tweets below: This tweet/pic are reprehensible @billboard. Stop exploiting children for clicks. https://t.co/jozZbfBMD5 	 Drew Emmick (@drewmellow) October 30, 2015 @billboard #NOPE. Delete this tweet immediately, and then delete the employee who wrote it. 	 Ann Marie (@annmariebrok) October 30, 2015 @billboard What a disgusting piece of click bait. Whether or not the article relates anything indecent, the insinuation is vile #shameonyou 	 Jessica Rose (@Jessticulator) October 30, 2015 Why not use an actual photo from the story that you're posting about @billboard? Extremely problematic. 	 Air-IN with an E (@AirInDanYell) October 30, 2015 @billboard wow, seriously?! Disgusting 	 pitythedeadmeat (@pitythebackseat) October 30, 2015 @billboard she's a child she's a child she's a child she's a child she's a child she's a child she's a child she's a child she's a child 	 Zola (@SharnTM) October 30, 2015 Billboard has since removed the tweet and issued a statement:  We apologize for the tweet involving North West. The caption was about her comments to paparazzi. The suggestion some see was not intended. 	 billboard (@billboard) October 30, 2015 