2015-10-20 CEDAR PARK, Texas, Oct. 20, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Goldtouch, the industry leader in mobile ergonomics, announced a big new initiative today to bring their popular Go!2 Mobile Keyboard to everyday users. The company is offering a 15% discount on this innovative product through the end of the year. The Go!2 Mobile Keyboard was designed from the ground up to help increasingly on-the-go, remote, and in-office workers enjoy a healthy working lifestyle no matter where they are in the world. Featuring the patented Goldtouch locking-lever system, the keyboard is fully adjustable, so that each typist can find the perfect angle for their body and typing style within 0-30 degrees of tenting and splay. The Go!2 Mobile Keyboard is light weight and folds in half for easy storage, making this the perfect solution for on-the-go health, comfort, and productivity. When it was first brought to market in 2013, the Go!2 Mobile Keyboard quickly became a popular product amongst corporate managers and their employees. The keyboard helped to bring a new level of comfort to the workplace, while also reducing the amount of pain workers experienced on the job due to Repetitive Strain Injuries (RSIs) caused by clunky, flat keyboards that force and contribute to poor working habits. This continues to be a big competitive advantage for companies with global workforces, who often struggle to create reasonable standards, and comfortable conditions for all their workers who operate in variable conditions. "We're excited today to bring that same kind of health and comfort innovation to all on-the-go workers, no matter where they work," said Mark Norwalk, CEO of Goldtouch. "Over the years, we've seen the proliferation of individual health products to help individuals track every aspect of their diet, exercise, sleep habits, heart-rates, and more. At Goldtouch, we believe those healthy habits and initiatives shouldn't stop at the office door. We've seen the Go!2 bring healthy working conditions to our many enterprise customers. With this current incentive, we're determined to get a keyboard that's been a 'best kept corporate secret' into the hands of individual workers around the globe." According to OSHA, Repetitive Strain Injuries (RSIs) are the most common and costly occupational health issue, costing companies an estimated $20 billion dollars in workers' comp claims and lost productivity alone. These kinds of injuries will only grow more prolific as work becomes increasingly digitized and is performed on lightweight but small devices, like tablets, laptops and smartphones. The Go!2 mobile keyboard is the individual fit solution for all workers who prefer a smaller form factor, are often on the road, who work from home, or who have to squeeze work in between other lifestyle commitments. Available in both wired and Bluetooth wireless versions, the Goldtouch Go!2 is as customizable in features as it is in fit. The wireless operates through Bluetooth 3.0 technology, which means it is compatible with a breadth of devices, including iPad, iPhone, tablets, smart phones, Ultrabooks and laptops. It also supports Windows 10, 8, 7, Vista, XP, 2000, and Mac 10.4 and above. Work on the road, and then switch smoothly to an at-home or in-office desktop. The Go!2 Mobile Keyboard can be purchased through the Goldtouch online store or through any of our authorized resellers The 15% discount lasts through the end of the year. ABOUT GOLDTOUCH Headquartered in Cedar Park, Texas, Goldtouch manufactures ergonomic comfort peripherals, including the world's only self-contained adjustable keyboard. Through extensive 3rd party studies, and over a decade of use, the Goldtouch product line has been tested and proven to help prevent and reduce Repetitive Strain Injuries (RSI), increase productivity, lower absenteeism, and bring greater comfort to computer users across the globe. Goldtouch products are utilized by many of the Fortune 1000, including Chevron, Google, Apple, Yahoo, eBay, Blue Cross & Blue Shield and Toyota. Find out more at goldtouch.com or blog.goldtouch.com. FOR MORE INFORMATION, CONTACT:Andy OliveraTel: 512.259.5688 | Fax: 512.259.6599Email: aolivera@goldtouch.com   Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151019/278452 Video - https://youtu.be/qfwUdahgzxc Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150505/213988LOGO    To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/goldtouch-announces-push-to-bring-mobile-ergonomics-to-everyday-users-300162409.html SOURCE  Goldtouch 