2015-10-28 Queen Elizabeth II honored chemical engineer Dr Robert Langer with a one million pound award for his advances in engineering at the Throne Room in Buckingham Palace Monday. The British monarch was joined by her granddaughter Princess Eugenie at the special prize-giving event. Also present were Prince Philip, Prince Andrew and Princess Anne.  Elizabeth presented the award in the presence of select guests and other members of the royal family. The 89-year-old monarch looked resplendent in a cream and gold dress at the award ceremony. She accessorized with a three-string pearl necklace, small pearl earrings and gold watch. She carried a black patent leather handbag and wore deep pink lipstick. The doctor was bestowed with The Queen Elizabeth Prize for Engineering for his revolutionary advances and leadership in engineering at the interface with chemistry and medicine, according to the awards official website. The Queen presents the #QEPrize2015 to Dr Robert Langer for his revolutionary advances and leadership in engineering pic.twitter.com/YoE8vUS1g8  BritishMonarchy (@BritishMonarchy) October 26, 2015 The American professors pioneering work has been the basis for long-lasting treatments for brain and prostate cancer as well as endometriosis, schizophrenia, diabetes and cardiovascular stents. The technological advances created by his laboratory are said to have reportedly improved more than two billion lives. 	After the prize-giving, guests mingled in the Throne Room and Princess Eugenie was pictured chatting and shaking hands with attendees. She opted for a black dress with a matching jacket for the event. The Duke and Princess Eugenie attended the #QEPrize2015 Reception yesterday pic.twitter.com/ZW72ZIsejz 	 The Duke of York (@TheDukeOfYork) October 27, 2015 Princess Anne wore a dark-colored dress, which she paired with an ivory jacket.The 65-year-old royal accessorized with a three-string pearl necklace, pearl and gold earrings and gold brooch. Anne carried a red leather handbag and wore deep red lipstick. Princess Eugenie is back on the royal circuit following her move from New York earlier this year. She works at Hauser & Wirth, a top London art gallery. The 25-year-old had lived in the Big Apple since 2013 where she worked at online auction house Paddle8. In September, she was in the U.S. to attend a fundraiser with her mother Sarah Fergusonand her older sisterPrincess Beatrice in Manhattan. The trio were joined by rapper 50 Cent at the BGC Charity Day on Wall Street, raising money for the ongoing relief since the attacks on the World Trade Center, 14 years ago. 