2015-11-10 LONDON, Nov. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Egencia announces today the global availability of mobile features that allow its travelers to now shop and book air travel with Egencia TripNavigator. This makes Egencia the first business travel company to build its own mobile app with global air booking capability and unique personalization features for a faster, more relevant experience. Egencia travelers can now complete flight bookings in a single business travel app that is consistent across all countries and displays both individual and company preferences. Continued innovation sees air booking take off for Egencia travelers globally This latest development rounds off a series of innovations designed to respond to modern demands for fast, easy travel booking on the go. A recent study by Criteo, a leading digital marketing firm, shows that the share of mobile bookings almost doubled between Q2 2014 and Q2 2015, increasing from 12 to 23 percent worldwide.i Daniel Beccari, Travel Product Manager, Criteo adds, "As the demand for mobile booking grows, so will the need for a personalized experience. I would encourage all travel providers to invest in mobile and focus on building tailored user experiences."  Expedia research shows that travelers search an average of 48 times to find the right flightii. For frequent travelers, this can add up to a significant amount of time lost in travel planning. To counter this, and meet consumer expectations for increasingly personalized digital experiences, Egencia leverages integrated technology across channels to create a faster search process. Egencia President, Rob Greyber states, "At Egencia we continually invest in global technology that allows us focus on making business travel better. Egencia mobile air booking is unique in how it tailors the experience for each traveler. Whether booking from North America or Europe, our travelers see a curated view of options, quickly leading them to the precise flight that fits their needs." Ground-breaking technology for a fast, personalized experience from initial search to payment Woven into the design of the mobile air booking experience is the unique Egencia vision for personalization. With integrated global technology, Egencia uses profile and previous usage information from all online and offline channels to pre-populate the flight search form. Frequent travelers will benefit from the time saved by not having to re-enter data each time they take the same trip. This information can include frequent destinations, airports, airlines, cabin class or even payment preferences. Company policies and preferred rates are also included in this data integration.  Enhancements for a smoother ride As Egencia develops its custom mobile application, it can create deep connections with apps that have proven track records in the consumer market. For example, the app now features in-flight amenities from Routehappy for travelers who want to ensure a flight has all the added extras they are looking for. Egencia also recently created an industry-first connection with Delta airlines for managing flight check-in directly from the Egencia mobile app.  Availability Previously available in North America, air booking is now also available through the Egencia TripNavigator mobile application for iOSiii in Western Europe, the Nordics, and Asia Pacific. Android versions will be available shortly. Download Egencia TripNavigator for iPhone and iPad here. For more information on Egencia TripNavigator, visit our website. About Egencia Egencia makes business travel better by making it more connected and complete. Egencia puts travelers at the heart of business travel, continuously supporting them with solutions that are more engaging and effective. Driven by consumer insights and technology investments from parent company, Expedia, Inc. (NASDAQ: EXPE), Egencia connects everything travelers need  content, technology, service and reporting  in one place. Egencia provides services in more than 64 countries. Connect with Egencia at www.egencia.co.uk or @Egencia and visit the Egencia Blog for more.  2015 Egencia, LLC. All rights reserved. Egencia, and the Egencia logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Expedia, Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. CST # 2029030-50; CST # 2083922-50. i Criteo, Travel Flash Report: Booking On Mobile Goes Mainstream  September 2015ii Note: statistic found by Expedia, Inc. research; searches are typically conducted across between six and eight websites.iii Apple, iPhone and iPad are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130916/CG79319LOGO-a   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-air-booking-propels-egencia-tripnavigator-to-new-altitudes-300174417.html SOURCE  Egencia 