2015-10-31 For years past, TV personality Al Roker was all about presenting whats in your neck of the woods -- as in whats the weather like. But these days Roker isnt just about temperature and rainfall; hes forecasting the latest mobile apps and digital trends. Roker has been quite focused on live video streaming. He was an early adopter to live-streaming startup Meerkat, and lastsummer, he streamedthree different cooking shows. He then started experimenting with Periscope behind the scenes at the Today Show. And now he has access to Facebooks Live app. I can put up when Im barbecuing in my backyard. People love to cook. Thats why with the shows and the vertical weve kind of chosen is food. Everybody connects with food, Roker told International Business Times. Roker sat down with IBT shortly after a presentation at Stream Con NYC, a conference around online video with hundreds of social media personalities, marketers and fans in attendance at the cavernous Javitts Center in New York City. He shared insight on what social network hes using for Halloween (note: the answer may surprise you), the best type of Twitter (not about elections or sports) and what the next big app could be. International Business Times: What social network have you used today so far, and how are you going to capture your Halloween weekend? Al Roker: Today Ive used Instagram and Twitter. I didnt Periscope because when were doing the Halloween show there isnt really time to do other things. This might sound like heresy, but Im not very active on social media on the weekends. Ive got on older daughter whos 28, but Ive also got an almost 17 year old and a 13 year old. We try to stay off of it on the weekends. We do enough of it during the week, and I try to foster at least do one hour where we read, out of a book. At dinner time, everything goes away. We dont even answer the phone. I like having fun when Im cooking, its all about doing what makes you happy. Chef Raiza w/ @AlRoker ___ https://t.co/EUZbU7tVZq 	&mdash; Meerkat (@AppMeerkat) August 1, 2015 IBT: You have a new cooking show on Facebook Live called Camilas Code. But first take me back to what happened to your show on Meerkat from this summer? Roker: Its somewhat like doing live TV, only youre doing a live shot. Its the difference between doing the Today Show and being in the studio or being out in the field. Out in the field, its a single camera experience, two or three minutes, and youre done. In studio, its a longer experience, more cameras and more production value. Its very much the same thing. Every experience is unique [on livestreaming apps]. It depends on what youre trying to achieve. With Camilas Code, its a lifestyle kind of show. Shes a smart, fun person and personality, whos a mom, who has great idea. Its going to revolve around her. The mistake people make is they try to fit pegs into certain holes when they should really just let it happen. IBT: Since we all don't have access to Facebook Live, tell me a bit about it. What's it like? What are the best parts? Roker: I dont see it as different because Im doing it, and Im sure at some point everyone will be. What I like about it is not everyones doing it, and not because its exclusive, but because like the problem with the other platforms, whos watching if everyone is doing it? How do you take your ribs? Live on #Facebookmentions, #Periscope, or #Meerkat? #MyLaborDay BBQ replay is on all 3! pic.twitter.com/5ytui9hsQe 	&mdash; Al Roker (@alroker) September 7, 2015 IBT: Who are you watching when you arent streaming? Roker: On the average day Ill get alerts, and if its something that Im interested in, Ill click on it. But if my life is going on, and if I dont really have time to do it, I ignore it. I physically dont have the time, and sadly the time that I could watch, which is when Im on a plane, you cant stream. Thats actually when I catch up on all my TV, and I wish I could stream and watch all of these folks. IBT: You launched a company dedicated to live-streaming research called RokerLabs. Whats thegoal? Roker: What were trying to achieve is to break through the noise. Theres a phrase in television called appointment viewing, where you want to watch it. There are shows in television that you click through -- it might be one of those police chase shows or something. We want to make shows that people want to come back to to watch. They might come across it by accident, but it makes them say wait, lets add this toour browseror our phone. IBT: Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey said this week, Election Twitter is great Twitter. Baseball Twitter is great Twitter. What'syour great Twitter, and why? Roker: Severe weather Twitter is really good. You can get a lot of information, and we get a lot of user-generated material. And Savannah Guthrie has said to me that Twitter is her news feed. You can find out a lot thats verifiable using Twitter. I follow the National Weather Service sites, a lot of comedians, and a lot of people I work with. Ive got some other eclectic things.  

 

People watch Al Roker doing the weather on the Today Show outside of 10 Rockefeller Plaza on December 1, 2009 in New York City. 
Michael Nagle/Getty Images


 IBT: IBM announced this week that its purchasingThe Weather Channels digital assets. From your perspective, does that acquisition make sense? Roker: Nobodys told me what theyre hoping for out of it. But I think it makes sense inthat IBM is big data. There are a lot of analytics there, and I think why they bought the company is that are a lot of analytics at WSI and Weather Underground. If you want to provide data to companies, to individuals, to the government, then you want to have as much data as possible. Weather cuts across all lines. Its industry. Its agriculture. Its commerce. Its environment. Its lifestyle. There are so many aspects of life that weather touches. It may seem like an odd choice, but when you look at it, it makes perfect sense. IBT: What app, not in the mainstream, are you excited about? Roker: Im kind of shocked that a lot of people dont know about Blocker. Its an ad blocking app. Apple has built in a lot of privacy ability so that you can on your phone put these third-party apps that block certain content that you dont want to deal with. This app, to me,is like magic. It speeds up your web-browsing experience on mobile. But being a content creator like myself, its like a double-edged sword. Im getting a club to beat myself over my head with. 