2015-11-11 TAMPA, Florida, Nov. 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- MagneGas Corporation ("MagneGas" or the "Company") (MNGA) a leading technology company that counts among its inventions patented a process that converts liquid waste into MagneGas2 fuel, honors, recognizes and vows to remember all servicemen & servicewomen who have given of themselves to protect this country this Veteran's Day. "We especially want to recognize those veterans who have helped make our company great," said Ermanno Santilli, CEO of MagneGas. "Magnegas is an extraordinarily innovative and patriotic company that truly puts its heart and actions into supporting veterans and their families every single day. Over 30% of their work force are veterans from all branches of the military, and they enjoy the unrivaled support of the company leadership," stated Lieutenant General Keith Stalder, USMC, Retired, Former Commanding General U.S. Marine Corps Forces, Pacific. Lt. Gen. Stalder serves as the Military Representative on the MagneGas Advisory Board.  "I am completely humbled and supremely proud of our record for hiring veterans. Over one-third of our MagneGas team are veterans, representing over 60 years of cumulative service in our Armed Forces during which over 50 Medals, Stars, Ribbons and Commendations were earned. Some of those decorations include a Purple Heart, a Bronze Star, and several awards for service in the Global War on Terrorism. Veterans Day is the one special day each year we remind ourselves of the sacrifices these remarkable people have made on our behalf, and the amazing stories of their heroic deeds that have shaped our country from its very inception. Below is a list of our MagneGas military veterans and we thank them for their service. They have helped to make our country great and are now applying that same loyalty, focus, determination and professionalism to help make our Company the best that it can be." Name Branch Length of Service Steve Voight US Army 12 years Jamie Daniels US Navy 3 years William Wells US Air Force 4 years Jack Armstrong US Air Force Reserve 1 year Kendey Underwood US National Guard 4 years Jamy Patterson US Navy 4 years Mickael Gattuso US Marine Corps 4.5 years Bruce Gane US Marine Corps 8 years Corey Coxwell US Army 6 years Matthew Miller US Navy 5 years Alex Mitchell US Army National Guard 7 years "The willingness with which our young people are likely to serve in any war, no matter how justified, shall be directly proportional to how they perceive veterans of earlier wars were treated and appreciated by our nation."    Attributed to George Washington About MagneGas Corporation  MagneGas Corporation (MNGA). The Company owns a patented process that converts various liquid wastes into hydrogen based fuels. These fuels can be used as a replacement to natural gas or for metal cutting. The Company's testing has shown the fuels cut faster, cleaner and more efficiently than other alternatives on the market. They are also cost effective and safe to use with little changeover costs. The Company currently sells MagneGas2 into the metal working market as a replacement to acetylene.  The MagneGas fuel production systems can be set-up locally using various types of feedstock. The Company believes this flexibility can give them an advantage in the Government/Military marketplace as fuels can be manufactured on site from raw materials found locally worldwide and eliminates the time and expense of shipping to the specific military theater. The Company is planning to establish joint ventures with third parties to construct these supply facilities worldwide. The Company also sells equipment for the sterilization of bio-contaminated liquid waste for various industrial and agricultural markets. In addition, the Company is developing a variety of ancillary uses for MagneGas2 fuels utilizing its high flame temperature for co-combustion of hydrocarbon fuels and other advanced applications. For more information on MagneGas2, please visit the Company's website at http://www.MagneGas.com. The MagneGas IR App is now available for free in Apple's App Store for the iPhone or iPad http://bit.ly/AfLYww and at Google Play http://bit.ly/Km2iyk for Android mobile devices. To be added to the MagneGas investor email list, please email pcarlson@kcsa.com with MNGA in the subject line. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains forward-looking statements as defined within Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements relate to future events, including our ability to raise capital, or to our future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could, and likely will, materially affect actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Any forward-looking statement reflects our current views with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our operations, results of operations, growth strategy and liquidity. We assume no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. The Company is currently using virgin vegetable oil to produce fuel while it configures its systems to properly process waste within local regulatory requirements. For a discussion of these risks and uncertainties, please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our public filings with the SEC are available from commercial document retrieval services and at the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151111/286186  Investor Contacts: KCSA Strategic CommunicationsPhilip Carlson / Brad Nelson+1-212-896-1233 / +1-212-896-1217pcarlson@kcsa.com / bnelson@kcsa.comby the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/magnegas-salutes-its-us-military-veteran-employees-and-veterans-around-the-world-300176729.html SOURCE  MagneGas Corporation 