2015-10-27 NEW YORK, Oct. 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Wearable computing refers to electronic technologies that are incorporated into clothing and accessories which are worn on the body comfortably. The wearable devices primarily perform most of the computing tasks as mobile phones or laptops; however in some cases these devices outperform the hand-held devices. The implication and uses of wearable technologies have a widespread influence in the field of healthcare and medical, fitness and wellness, infotainment, military, and industrial applications among others. In simple terms, wearable devices make things easier by offering several computing features in various day-to-day applicationsdue to the integration of computing and communication devices. The global wearable computingmarket is expected to reach $34.61billion by 2020,at a CAGR of 20.7% between 2015and 2020. The global wearable computingmarkethas been segmented into three categories that include application, technology, and geography. The application segment is classified into fitness and wellness, medical and healthcare, enterprise and industrial, infotainment and others. The application category is further segmented by various types of products,which include wristbands, smart clothing, foot wear, smart watches, and smart glasses among others. The technology segment is classified into computing technologies, display technologies, networking technologies, and others.The wearable computing market has also been segmented on the basis of geography which includes the Americas, Europe, APAC, and RoW. The major players that offer various products in the wearable computingmarket are Adidas AG (Germany), Apple, Inc. (U.S.), Fitbit, Inc. (U.S.), Pebble Technology Corporation (U.S.), Garmin Ltd. (U.S.), Jawbone (U.S.), LG Electronics, Inc. (South Korea), Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. (U.S.), Sony Corporation (Japan), and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (South Korea) among others. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03087079-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker reviews, finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. 