2015-11-04 Jimmy Wales, the founder of Wikipedia, thinks Apple should stop selling its iPhone in the United KingdomifParliament passes a bill banning fully encrypted communicationbetween devices. Does Parliament dare be that stupid, Wales remarked on his official Twitter account. Under the draft version of the Investigatory Powers Bill released Wednesday, companies will be required to maintain permanent interception capabilities for communications data, which also includes the ability to remove encryption on communications when required by U.K. law enforcement. I would like to see Apple refuse to sell iPhone in UK if gov&#39;t bans end-to-end encryption. Does Parliament dare be that stupid? 	&mdash; Jimmy Wales (@jimmy_wales) November 3, 2015 That means companies such as Apple would be legally required in the U.K. to maintain the ability to bypass the encryption the iMessages sent from its line of Macs, iPhones, iPads, iPod Touches and Apple Watches.The problem is Applehas maintained that it doesnt have the ability to decrypt data stored or sent from an iOS device, even if they were served with a subpoena compelling them to do so. We also refuse to add a backdoor into any of our products because that undermines the protections weve built in, Apples privacy policy reads. And we cant unlock your device for anyone because you hold the key -- your unique password. U.K. law enforcement agencies arent the only ones Apple has butt heads with because of its stance on encryption. In October, the companys lawyers told a U.S. judge that it would be impossible for the company to access encrypted data stored on the iPhone, according to Reuters. The companys position was laid out in response to a court order requiring Apple to assist the Department of Justice with executing a search warrant. In June, an Federal Bureau of Investigation official testified in Congress against companies prioritizing encryption over national security concerns. Privacy, above all other things, including safety and freedom from terrorism, is not where we want to go," Michael Steinbach, assistant director for the FBIs counterterrorism division, said during the hearing, according to the Washington Post. 