2015-11-09 It's a running joke in the TV world that FXs Louie has essentially become a French New Wave film --that is, something more than mere comedy,dealing in the profound, the philosophical, the surreal. Aziz Ansaris fantastic new Netflix series, Master of None, which released all 10episodes of its first season Friday, doesn'thideits equally lofty ambitions -- the opening credits feature a French pop song from 1960s crooner Jacques Dutronc, for crying out loud! However, comparing Master of None to Louie would bereductive. As much as Ansaris Dev wallows Louie-style in his quest for love and meaning as a mildly successful New York actor, the character is also filled with a healthy dose of Jerry Seinfelds apathy and the unrelenting kindness and optimism that fueled Ansaris previous TV show, NBCs Parks and Recreation. Those might seem to contradict each other, but true to its title, Master of None is a little bit of everything. However, Ansari and co-creator Alan Yangs writing perfectly balances every element and, besides, in 2015 being caught in the middle simply makes the show of its time. There's no shortage of think-pieces online analyzing (or deriding)the millennial generation, but films and TV series that depict the demographic as anything more than the punchline in the joke of a senior writers screenplay are few and far between. However, to write off the shifting sensibilities of a generation defined by the Internet is to dismiss a wave of current and soon-to-be adults bringing their own twist to the eternal adult problems --dating, sex, kids, race, gender, parents, etc. Master of None, though, gets most things right. In fact, it gets just about everything right. Social media users rushedto compliment the series on its treatment of myriadissues from diversity and race to gender roles to the modern immigrant experience in America, but in the broadest sense possible, the show simply nails the nuances of a time when everyone is in a constant state of mini crisis. Aziz Ansari carved out a niche in standup comedy --a niche that made him a superstar --overanalyzing the seemingly banal, like the rabbit hole of subtext in a simple text chat with a girlfriend or boyfriend. In Master of None, Ansaris gift for savvy and subtle observational humor is given the scope of an entire generation of millennials for whom the Information Age deliversendless informationbut few answers. Watch the trailer for "Master of None" below:  The Netflix series captures this in its very first scene, when a condom breaks while Dev (Ansari) and future-girlfriend-current-one-night-stand Rachel (Nol Wells) are having sex, soon enough to not panicbut late enough to be concerned. The two 30-somethings scan their phones, their faces distinctly lit by the LED displays, for a conclusive answer on the potential for pre-ejaculate to result in pregnancy. The easy read here is some clich commentary on the isolation of the lovers in a tech-dominated world, but the real point of the scene is that both forays into the worldwide web produce contrasting answers to the couples question. In that way they are not isolated, but in it together -- it being the daunting task of being a responsible adult.They ultimately decide to play it safe and buy the Plan-B pill  giving the brilliant pilot its title --but the shows prevailing theme of anxiety about the future in the face of misinformation and mixed signals lingers.Later, Devs friendKyle (David Charles Ebert)gives contrasting monologues on, first, the joys of fatherhood and, later, the pitfalls of having a family, leaving Dev painfully undecided on what to think about his own family future. The show also flaunts a unique take on diversity and the political correctness zeitgeist. When Dev wants to find a woman to accompany a young girl he is babysitting into the bathroom, he skips over a woman with a pixie cut to ask someone who looks like more of a mom-type, leading to him eating some serious crow about his own biases. However, its Devs response that epitomizes the shows fresh perspective. I understand why you are not helping, but I want you to know that in my heart, I meant no offense to either of you says Dev. Again, the show does not take a side, landing somewhere in the middle where intentions and reality do not always add up and even the most rational thought processes can be muddied by bias and misinformation. Dev does not blame the women for their anger. He knows his comments were just another misstep in trying to make sense of an ever-more-complicated world. Watching Dev try to make sense of that world is the engine that drives the show --the tagline, after all,is [Dev] has a lot of questions. Oh, and then theres the fact that Master of None is just flat-out funny. While Louie often mines the depths of black comedy for cringe-worthy laughs, Master of None takes a lighter approach in its pursuit of the profound. When Dev tells Rachel that the Plan-B pill --and two Marinellis apple juices --is his treat, it is a genuine gesture. The laughs come from the context of his kindness;from irony not sarcasm. Sarcasm, after all, is rampant today, as Internet trolls lampoon any attempt at sincerity and memes reduce complicated social problems to punchlines. Master of None shows how when you try to figure out how you really feel about the world, sometimes all that information just gets in the way. That makes the Netflix series a pretty decent blueprint on how to answer life's big questions ... and laugh at yourself along the way. 