2015-11-11 NEW YORK, Nov. 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Medscape,the leading source of medical news and information for physicians, today launched Medscape Consult, an innovative digital platform designed to support physicians with peer-to-peer insights and evidence-based answers at the point of care.  Medscape Consult is a new feature of Medscape's flagship app that allows physicians to share cases, ask questions, and discuss best practices in real time, with access to Medscape's unrivaled reference content and expert decision support. Medscape Consult will ensure a depth of scientific rigor and clinical utility through a unique, moderated environment featuring editorial oversight with physician authors and expert reviews for selected content.  To learn more about Medscape Consult visit: http://www.medscape.com/consult-feature Medscape Consult is available at the iTunes Store for Apple iPhone users here: http://taps.io/BDqaQ Key Medscape Consult Features: At the core of Medscape Consult is access to Medscape's Drugs & Diseases reference database, a resource regarded as the go-to choice by hundreds of thousands of physicians seeking clinical answers. Medscape Consult builds upon this evidence-based foundation with peer-to-peer contributions paired with robust content curation and streamlined navigation, creating a digital curbside consult grounded in actionable clinical utility.  With Medscape Consult, physician interactions and information-sharing will be housed in a moderated environment with editorial oversight to provide information that is concise and scientifically grounded. Additionally, Medscape Consult will feature expert authors and reviewers for selected content, further expanding the breadth and depth of clinical information and discussion.  The new tool will also enable physicians to:  Medscape Consult's mobile-first launch paves the way for subsequent launches in early 2016, including Medscape Consult for desktop.  Quotes: Steve Zatz, WebMD President Ben Greenberg, WebMD Vice President, Product Management & User Experience  About Medscape and WebMD  Medscape is the leading source of clinical news, health information and point-of-care tools for healthcare professionals. Medscape offers specialists, primary care physicians and other health professionals the most robust and integrated medical information and educational tools. Medscape Education (medscape.org) is the leading destination for continuous professional development, consisting of more than 30 specialty-focused destinations offering thousands of free C.M.E. and C.E. courses and other educational programs for physicians, nurses and other healthcare professionals. WebMD Health Corp. (NASDAQ: WBMD) is the leading provider of health information services, serving consumers, physicians, healthcare professionals, employers, and health plans through our public and private online portals, mobile platforms and health-focused publications. The WebMD Health Network includes WebMD Health, Medscape, MedicineNet, eMedicineHealth, RxList, Medscape Education and other owned WebMD sites. WebMD, Medscape, CME Circle, Medpulse, eMedicine, MedicineNet, theheart.org and RxList are among the trademarks of WebMD Health Corp. or its subsidiaries. All statements contained in this press release, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements, including those regarding: our expectations concerning market opportunities and our ability to capitalize on them; and the benefits expected from new or updated products or services. These statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on our current plans and expectations, and they involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual future events or results to be different than those described in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those relating to: market acceptance of our products and services; relationships with customers and strategic partners; and changes in economic, political or regulatory conditions or other trends affecting the healthcare, Internet and information technology industries. Further information about these matters can be found in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings.  Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151110/286087  Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151110/286098LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/medscape-launches-crowdsourced-clinical-knowledge-platform-to-improve-physician-decision-making-and-collaboration-300176687.html SOURCE  Medscape 