2015-10-19 BOSTON, Oct. 19, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Dancing Deer Baking Companyis about to make every day a little sweeter, with its newest batch of scratch-baked treats, dubbed Dancing Deer Dessert Bites and Dancing Deer Crispy Cookie Bites. The bite-sized treats pack all the decadent flavor of Dancing Deer's renowned brownies and cookies in petite packages perfect for daily indulgences. Rolling out to retailers nationwide, the new Dessert Bites are available in seasonal flavors, including Pumpkin Spice and Caramel Apple for fall, and every day flavors.  Dancing Deer Master Baker Jennifer Shelley has been perfecting the new recipes for the past year and her attention to detail, from ingredient sourcing to flavors, is deliciously evident in each bite. "We wanted to deliver the extraordinary taste of both our original recipes and new creations in mini, half-ounce portions perfect for every day treats," said Shelley. "They can be enjoyed at school, work or home as a decadent, portion-controlled dessert."  Under 200 calories per serving and less than 65 calories per bite, the Dessert Bites have taken Dancing Deer out of the traditional dessert box. Eight recipes of the tastefully-sized Dessert Bites are being offered: Pumpkin Spice and Caramel Apple for the fall, Chocolate Peppermint Truffle and Gingerbread for the holidays, Coconut Bliss and Zesty Lemon for spring and summer, and Chocolate Sea Salt and Chocolate Chip for every day. The Dessert Bites have a MSRP of $3.99-$4.99 and are available at specialty, natural food and grocery stores nationwide.  The Non-GMO Crispy Cookie Bites are less than 150 calories per serving or only 30 calories per cookie! Taking a new spin on traditional flavors, the Crispy Cookie Bites are available in Ginger Spice, Chocolate Almond Toffee, Dark Chocolate Macadamia Nut, Chocolate Chip with Sea Salt and Sweet Lemon Burst. They have a MSRP of $5.99-$6.99 and are available at specialty, natural food and grocery stores nationwide.  About Dancing Deer Baking CompanySince 1994, Dancing Deer Baking Company, a leading national provider of gourmet food gifts and baked goods for businesses and consumers alike, has been known for its delicious, scratch-baked brownies, cookies, cakes, baking mixes and gourmet gift arrangements. Dancing Deer is renowned for its superb quality, innovative products, socially responsible business practices and world class customer service. Its brownies have twice been recognized as "Best Brownies in America," and Dancing Deer has won many other national awards and accolades for its distinctive products. In 2009, the Company was one of the first 25 Massachusetts companies to become certified as a Sustainable Business Leader. The company places an enormous emphasis on giving back to the community, most notably by helping homeless and at-risk families through its Sweet Home Project initiative. Dancing Deer baked goods can be found in gourmet gift arrangements for consumers and corporations that are sold on its website, and in specialty, natural food and grocery stores nationwide, as well as on leading global airline carriers. For more information, please visit www.DancingDeer.com. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151019/278141LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dancing-deer-baking-company-redefines-daily-indulgences-with-the-introduction-of-its-everyday-and-fall-flavored-dessert-bites-300161921.html SOURCE  Dancing Deer Baking Company 