2015-10-22 PALO ALTO, Calif., Oct. 22, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Two months after unveiling Deepviews, auto-generated app previews that drive increased app downloads, Branch announces more tools to help developers leverage app content and drive web users into mobile apps. With Branch's new release, developers will be able to customize their Deepview templates. In addition, with their new smart routing logic, developers can choose to automatically route users from mobile web to the app if they already have the app installed. In just eight weeks, Branch has seen enthusiastic adoption of Deepviews from a large percentage of the over 3000 apps on their platform. Some apps are seeing a click-to-install rate of over 50% using Deepviews, 6x higher than sending users directly to the app store. Branch CEO Alex Austin emphasizes the value of content as a way to drive users into apps. "Users don't want your app, they want your content. Deepviews show the user a preview of what they'll see in your app, which makes them dramatically more likely to download and engage with your app." This latest version allows developers to go beyond the standard default template and create custom templates tailored to their app's design and goals. Apps can enable Deepviews with just the click of a button on the Branch dashboard, either selecting from default templates or editing a template's layout for a custom experience. Also new with this release, Branch's smart routing for websites now gives developers the option to automatically launch the app from mobile web for users that already have the app installed. The option gives developers more control to further optimize the conversion from mobile web to app users. "We're excited to provide a whole new set of features for one of our most popular tools," says Branch CEO Alex Austin. "Deepviews have changed mobile software development in two ways: First, they allowed companies to create fully-hosted mobile websites to promote sharing and app discovery without any actual web development. Second, they significantly increased the click-to-install conversion for hundreds of apps across our network. These new features will unlock Deepviews as the go-to mobile web solution for all mobile apps." About Branch (branch.io)Branch's mission is to make app growth and discovery easier and more achievable for every app developer. To accomplish this, Branch has built a complete end-to-end linking solution that replaces every link that points to an app, such as shared links, marketing links, referral links, advertising links, and more. Branch links automatically support all existing deep linking technologies like Facebook App Links, Twitter App Cards, Google App Indexing, Apple Universal Links, Spotlight Search, and more. Branch has thousands of partners including Pinterest, HotelTonight, Instacart, iHeartRadio, and Flipboard. The best teams in mobile use Branch. Contact:Mada Seghete, Co-FounderBranch Metrics mada@branch.io(650) 209-6491  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/branch-deepviews-update-helps-companies-drive-traffic-to-their-mobile-app-content-300164475.html SOURCE  Branch 