2015-10-22 Acclaimed mobile game Oceanhorn is going to get a big update for iOS 9, as the title is about to get ultra quality graphics. Considering that many fans and critics have already praised how the game looks, it will be interesting to see just how much prettier it can get. The graphical update was announced on Pocket Gamer. It was also stated that the update is for the iPhone 6S, iPhone 6S Plus, iPad Mini 4, iPod Touch 6 and iPad Pro. While the game is still available for play in older mobile devices, it seems like the update will only really affect the newer Apple products. Certain gameplay additions have been made as well. Apple users with an iPhone 6s Plus will be able to unlock the screen flip for the game, which could make it easier to play, depending on the users preference. The games shadow quality has also been increased, which should add atmosphere to the games setting. Enemies have also been tweaked, although no details were given as to how they were tweaked. Controls have also been adjusted slightly, but like the enemy tweak, no more information has beenprovided. While the mobile version gets a big upgrade, it seems like the Steam version is going to stay the same. The official Oceanhorn blog doesnt seem to have any updates for the computer version of the game, though it does offer fans a DRM free version of the game. Oceanhorn takes plenty of cues from the Legend of Zelda games, particularly the cel-shaded Wind Waker title for the Gamecube. Sailing is a big part of the game, but players can still roam dungeons and face off against huge monsters, if thats what they would like to do. Published by FDG Entertainment and developed by Cornfox & Bros., Oceanhorn is available now on the iTunes App Store and Steam. The game costs $8.99 on the iTunes App Store and $14.99 on Steam. Whatever the version, the game has been praised by many fans and is a worthy purchase for any fan of adventure games or Zelda titles.  Oceanhorn - Steam Trailer (Credit: YouTube/Cornfox & Bros.) 