2015-10-27 KINGSTON, N.Y., Oct.. 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Available now in the iTunes store (https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/loud-hailer/id1027711331?mt=8) is a new smartphone application that allows users to broadcast messages to those nearby without using the Internet, WiFi or mobile service. It's the first release by Loud-Hailer, Inc., a new digital communications company. Because Loud-Hailer uses Bluetooth to enable communications, it draws less power than surfing the Internet or making calls so a phone's battery will last longer.  When two or more devices are running Loud-Hailer (even in the background) within 250 feet of each other, a mesh network is automatically created. Each user who receives a message will in turn re-broadcast it to others. Connecting to one user in the mesh network means connecting to all of them. "Digital communications depend on the Internet. But if you have trouble getting a connection, you can't send a single message or image, no matter how physically close you are to the recipient," said CEO and co-founder Jack Chen. "Loud-Hailer solves that problem." Australian native Cimon Butler, Loud-Hailer's other co-founder, suggested naming the app and the company after the Australian term for a bullhorn or megaphone. The app works on the same principle, allowing users to shout out to those nearby. Here are just a few ways it's useful: The current release works on iPhones 4S through 6S, iPads and iPod Touch. An Android version is planned for release next year. For directions on getting started with Loud-Hailer, watch this video: https://youtu.be/ybS0yncY0W4. How Loud-Hailer Works Loud-Hailer works like a walkie-talkie, letting users broadcast messages to large groups without knowing recipients' names, phone numbers or email addresses. Each message can be as long as 160 characters. Unlike traditional Bluetooth connections, the app pairs users automatically while protecting their personal information. Users are automatically connected as soon as they come within range of others who are running the Loud-Hailer app. The app shows how many users are within broadcast and receiving distance. Loud-Hailer messages are temporary and are not saved on users' devices. Each message is initially displayed at full strength; it gradually fades out until it totally disappears after five minutes. During this time, messages are rebroadcast by the recipient's device so that other users further away may also receive them. About Loud-Hailer, LLCLoud-Hailer is a new digital communications company based in New York's Hudson Valley that uses proven technology in revolutionary ways. Its first consumer release is the eponymous Loud-Hailer mobile application. It's also developing technology to provide digital communications solutions to businesses that have connectivity challenges. For more information, visit http://www.loud-hailer.com or read our blog at http://www.loud-hailing.com.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-app-allows-texting-without-internet-wifi-or-cell-service-300166716.html SOURCE  Loud-Hailer, Inc 