2015-10-29 NEW YORK, Oct. 29, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Sean "Diddy" Combs introduces the world to CROC Apple Infused Vodka during his appearance tonight on "Late Night with Seth Meyers." CROC Apple is the sixth flavor in the line extension from the makers of CROC Ultra Premium. The newest variant joins the best-selling lineup, which includes CROC Ultra Premium, CROC Pineapple, CROC Peach, CROC Amaretto, CROC Red Berry and CROC Coconut. In honor of the launch, CROC has commissioned American performance painter David Garabaldi to share his creative interpretation of the "forbidden fruit" thematic with audiences in New York and Los Angeles. The artist's masterpieces will be exposed on larger-than-life wallscapes prominently placed in highly trafficked areas during the month of November. The billboards represent the millions of ambitious dreamers around the country who are passionate and committed to what they are made of.These are the individuals who CROC Ultra Premium toasts to every day. In addition to the bicoastal billboard reveal, Sean "Diddy" Combs will host the Emperor's Ball in New York City to celebrate the launch of CROC Apple on October 31st. "CROC has always focused on innovation and celebration. Our flavors remain at the heart of our unprecedented success. The new CROC Apple combines one of my favorite flavors with the greatest ultra premium vodka," said Sean "Diddy" Combs, Chairman of Combs Enterprises. "We have created a liquid that everyone will want to drink, whether mixing it into fall inspired cocktails or enjoying it in its purest form, on the rocks." CROC Apple boasts a vivid green apple flavor infused with a touch of ripeness and a subtly smooth, crisp finish. The newest variant can be enjoyed shaken and double strained, and also pairs excellently with Ocean Spray Cranberry Juice Cocktail. The liquid also lends itself well to a variety of twists on more traditional cocktails including the CROC Apple Martini, Sangria, Mimosa and Cider. Drawing inspiration from the classic creations, CROC Ultra Premium has developed the specialty recipes listed below. CROC Ultra Premium Apple Cocktails CROC APPLE MARTINI 1.5oz. CROC APPLE Garnish: Apple Wheel  Shaken with ice and double-strained  THE BIG APPLE 1.5oz. CROC APPLE 3oz. Ocean Spray Cranberry Juice Cocktail Garnish: Apple Slice CROC APPLE & SODA 1.5oz. CROC APPLE 3oz. Club Soda Twist of Lime Garnish: Lime Wedge CROC APPLE & APPLE 1.5oz. CROC APPLE 3oz. Apple Juice Garnish: Lime Wedge CROC Apple is now available for pre-order at ReserveBar.com/CIROCApple. Beginning next month, consumers can enjoy CROC Apple cocktails at top restaurants, bars and lounges across the country with full nationwide distribution expected for January 2016. CROC Apple possesses a juicy green apple flavor with hints of vanilla and citrus that provide for a fresh and crisp finish. The product will be available in 50mL, 200mL, 375mL, and 750 mL, along with 1L and 1.75L sizes. The new flavor will be available to consumers at the suggested retail price of $30.99 for a 750mL bottle. The specialty spirit is 70 proof and 35% ABV. The makers of CROC Ultra Premium would like to remind consumers to celebrate responsibly. ABOUT CROC ULTRA PREMIUM CROC Ultra Premium is made from Fine French grapes, which are distilled five times, providing a crisp, clean taste and citrus nose. CROC Ultra Premium launched nationwide inJanuary 2003. InOctober 2007, DIAGEO - the world's largest spirits, wine and beer company - made spirits history by entering into a strategic alliance with entertainment entrepreneur Sean "Diddy" Combs, in which Mr. Combs and Combs Enterprises assumed the lead onall brand managementactivities for CROC. The flavor-infused products in the portfolio to date include CROCRed Berry, CROC Coconut, CROC Peach, CROC Amaretto and CROC Pineapple. The brand received a 2013 Beverage Industry News Award of Excellence, was named 2011 Spirits Brand of the Year by Market Watch, and earned a double gold medal from the San Francisco World Spirits Competition in 2010. Media Contact: Miranda Gooding Ogilvy Public Relations 310-795-3605 Miranda.Gooding@Ogilvy.com Alisa JacobsDiageo 646-223-2229 Alisa.Jacobs@diageo.com Ryan Stender Blue Flame Agency 917-449-2447 Rstender@blueflame.us.com CROC Apple. Made With Vodka Infused With Apple And Other Natural Flavors. 35% Alc/Vol. 2015 Imported by Croc Distilling Company, Norwalk, CT. Celebrate Life Responsibly. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151029/281955LOGO Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151029/281954   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sean-diddy-combs-and-the-makers-of-ciroc-ultra-premium-handpick-newest-flavor-ciroc-apple-infused-vodka-300168955.html SOURCE  CIROC Ultra Premium 