2015-11-06 PUNE, India, November 6, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- RnRMarketResearch.com adds "Smart Glasses: Component and Technology Markets: 2014" and "Global Smart Glasses Industry 2015 Market Research Report" reports with 2020 and 2022 forecasts data and information to its online business intelligence library. Complete report on smart glasses market spread across 4 major chapters and supported with 28 exhibits is now available at http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/smart-glasses-component-and-technology-markets-2014-market-report.html . Smart Glasses are spectacles embodying the wearable computing concept and either (1) allowing people to see better or (2) acting as an enabling technology for augmented reality (AR). Although currently at an early stage of development, smart glasses have been touted as the next stage of mobile communications - a platform that could eventually replace smartphones. Although Google Glass is currently the poster child for smart glasses at the present time, there may be as many as 30 firms offering smart glasses - or planning to do so - at the present time. These products differ significantly in their price points and in intended end-user markets. They also embody very different optical technologies, human-computer interfaces and system capabilities. As a result, this research believes that the surge of interest in smart glasses will lead to new business opportunities in the optical components, sensor and semiconductor sectors. While smart glasses face many challenges as commercial products, their success could mean billions of dollars in new revenues for components and sub-systems makers. Many of the new technologies are being developed by the smart glass firms themselves, but other specialist firms are emerging to provide specialized optical subsystems. This research believes that as the smart glasses business matures opportunities for technology and components startups - some of them will grow to be large businesses; others will fall by the wayside. The objective of this report is to assess the key technologies that will be used in smart glasses and to forecasts their commercial potential over the next eight years. The report also predicts who the leading firms will be in this emerging space and how their product/market strategies are evolving. Order a copy of Smart Glasses: Component and Technology Markets: 2014 research report at http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/contacts/purchase?rname=308492 . The report builds in the optical components, sensor and display sectors, where this research have been providing industry analysis for many years. The coverage in this report begins with an assessment of the various optical subsystems that are being deployed in smart glasses and then discusses how smart glasses technology and the latest human-computer interfaces can come together to create viable businesses. Finally, the report takes a look at how smart glasses can generate significant new demand for electronic components and semiconductor chips. A dedicated chapter on human-computer interfaces for smart glasses talks about HCI options for smart glasses, touch-based HCIs in smart glasses: now but not the future, voice recognition: a natural interface, gesture recognition, brain-computer interfaces and eight-year forecast of human-computer interfaces and related components for smart glasses. We think this report will be important to business development and marketing executives in the optical component, sensor and semiconductor industries, as well as for smart glass firms themselves. In fact, while some smart glasses are completely functional as standalone products, most manufacturers recommend synchronization with cellular handsets thereby enabling enhanced functionality such as access to text messages, etc. Competition in this space is often through embedded technology such as voice commands, sophistication and ubiquity of cameras and activity tracking, etc. On similar lines research titled Global Smart Glasses Industry 2015 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Smart Glasses industry. The report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Smart Glasses market analysis is provided for the international markets including development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status. Development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures are also analyzed. This report also states import/export consumption, supply and demand Figures, cost, price, revenue and gross margins. The report focuses on global major leading industry players providing information such as company profiles, product picture and specification, capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Upstream raw materials and equipment and downstream demand analysis is also carried out. The Smart Glasses industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed. Finally the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. With 220 tables and figures the report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Company included in this research are Google glass, Apple, Samsung, SONY, Lenovo, Newmine, Baidu glasses, Recon, ITheater, Vuzix, Gonbes, USAMS, TESO, Shenzhen good technology, Osterhout Design Group and AOS Shanghai Electronics. Browse Complete Global Smart Glasses Industry 2015 Market Research Report at http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/2015-deep-market-research-report-on-global-smart-glassess-industry-market-report.html . Explore more Electronics Components market reports at http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/reports/information-technology-telecommunication/electronics/electronics-components . About Us: RnRMarketResearch.com is your single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 100+ leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. With comprehensive information about the publishers and the industries for which they publish market research reports, we help you in your purchase decision by mapping your information needs with our huge collection of reports. Connect with Us: G+ / Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/104156468549256253075/posts Twitter: https://twitter.com/RnRMR Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/RnR-Market-Research/413488545356345 RSS / Feeds: http://www.rnrmarketresearch.com/feed Contact:
Ritesh Tiwari
UNIT no 802, Tower no. 7, SEZ
Magarpatta city, Hadapsar
Pune - 411013
Maharashtra, India.
Tel: +1-888-391-5441sales@rnrmarketresearch.com 
SOURCE  RnR Market Research
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/smart-glasses-industry-2022-opportunities-for-component-and-technology-markets-541555281.html	    
	   SOURCE  RnR Market Research 