2015-10-27 COPENHAGEN, Denmark and ITASCA, Ill., Oct. 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Secunia Research (now part of Flexera Software), a leading provider of software vulnerability intelligence, has published its latest country report, which reveals the state of security for PC users in a total of 14 countries, including the US. The report shows that: One in 20 applications on private US PCs are end-of-life; 12 percent of Windows operating systems are unpatched; and for the first time in four consecutive quarters, Oracle Java isn't topping the list of most exposed programs  Apple has taken the lead.[1] Key findings in the US Country Report include: The number of end-of-life applications on private US PCs has been between five and six percent since Q3 2014  in 2013 the number was between three and four percent. The problem with end-of-life applications from a security perspective is that the vendors of those applications no longer publish security updates to patch vulnerabilities as they are discovered in the product. Consequently, any vulnerability in an end-of-life application is an open door into any PC on which the application is installed. "Hackers benefit from users' failure to uninstall end-of-life applications, as the exploits they wrote for the old versions continue to work and continue to have value on the black market," said Kasper Lindgaard, Director of Secunia Research at Flexera Software. "Too many users install and forget. Maintenance of software is not high on the radar of the average computer users, who tend to install whatever application they need to support whatever they need to do. They then tend to leave it sitting in their system, forgetting to uninstall or update it," said Lindgaard.  Oracle Java no longer the greatest risk to PC usersFrom Q3 2014 to Q2 2015, Oracle Java topped the list of Most Exposed applications in the US Country Reports. The Most Exposed applications are ranked based on how widespread they are ("Market share") multiplied by how many of their users have neglected to patch them ("Unpatched") even though a patch was available. Oracle Java drops down to number four as a result of two factors:  To help users stay secure Flexera Software offers the Personal Software Inspector (formerly Secunia PSI 3.0), a free computer security scanner which identifies software applications that are insecure and in need of security updates. It has been downloaded by over 8 million PC users globally to detect vulnerable and outdated programs and plug-ins. The 14 Country Reports are based on data from scans by the Personal Software Inspector between October 1, 2014 and September 30, 2015.  Resources: Learn more about: Follow us on Flexera Software helps application producers and enterprises increase application usage and security, enhancing the value they derive from their software. Our software licensing, compliance, cybersecurity and installation solutions are essential to ensure continuous licensing compliance, optimized software investments, and to future-proof businesses against the risks and costs of constantly changing technology. A marketplace leader for more than 25 years, 80,000+ customers turn to Flexera Software as a trusted and neutral source of knowledge and expertise, and for the automation and intelligence designed into our products. For more information, please go to: www.flexerasoftware.com.  Secunia  now Flexera SoftwareIn September 2015, Flexera Software acquired Secunia, adding Secunia's Software Vulnerability Management solutions to complement Flexera Software's Software License Optimization and Application Readiness solutions. Under Flexera Software, Secunia Research continues to perform vulnerability verification, issue Secunia Advisories and publish data on the global vulnerability landscape. [1] Note: The Country Reports have been published by Secunia every quarter since Q4 2012, and will continue under the Flexera Software brand, after Flexera Software acquired Secunia in September 2015. The Country Reports are based on data from scans by the Personal Software Inspector (formerly Secunia PSI 3.0), a free computer security scanner which identifies software applications that are insecure and in need of security updates. Logo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20121025/MM00581LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hack-hack-hack-one-in-20-applications-on-private-us-pcs-are-end-of-life-300166555.html SOURCE  Secunia 