2015-10-15 ORLANDO, Fla., Oct. 15, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --The American Osteopathic College of Occupational and Preventive Medicine (AOCOPM) provides education and certification in occupational, environmental and preventive medicine. The non-profit organization is providing several of its most popular CME courses concurrent with the American Osteopathic Association (AOA) Osteopathic Medical Conference and Exposition (OMED) taking place Oct. 17  21, 2015, in Orlando, FL.  Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151015/277388LOGO  "OMED offers osteopathic physicians a wealth of information in a short amount of time, and is one of the best medical conferences that they can attend each year," said Lance Walker, AOCOPM's Board of Trustees president. "Our AOCOPM members are honored to participate and share their expertise to help the physicians and their staff grow their bottom-line with specialized certifications in preventive medicine." With osteopathic medicine being one of the fastest growing health professions, AOCOPM members are continuously assisting with the need to help physicians stay up to date with rapid changes in patient treatment and in the medical field, as well as help them maintain their qualifications and certifications.  In conjunction with OMED, AOCOPM members will be presenting a variety of courses to help with obtaining continuing education credits: Additionally, available for hands-on review at OMED is the AOCOPM developed mobile application, MedDot. AOCOPM created the app last year to help medical examiners when conducting health exams to determine commercial driver fitness. The app provides a quick reference look-up guide to the FMCSA NRCME clinical guidelines along with interactivity on vision, hearing, and hypertension. It is a more efficient and easier system that allows the medical examiner to enter the screening results and immediately obtain the recommended action. MedDot is available through Google Play and the Apple store for $29.99. According to AOCOPM President-Elect Mimms Mabee, DO, MPH, FAOCOPM, "We created MedDot because so many of our DO's and osteopathic staff are asked to help with medical examinations, but they did not have a comprehensive system that was easily mobile and helped to make the most of their time. MedDot assists them by ensuring that they are following the guidelines while streamlining the exam." AOCOPM's Mid-Year Educational Conference is in March 2016 in Fort Worth, TX. For more information or to register, please visit www. www.aocopm.org/midyear-2016. About AOCOPM:The American Osteopathic College of Occupational and Preventive Medicine was created more than 30 years ago to promote the public health and practice of preventive medicine in order to create better understanding of the relationship of health and prevention in regard to the wellness of the population. The organization provides ongoing education opportunities in occupational, environmental, and preventive medicine through its members and various conferences. For more information, please visit www.AOCOPM.org. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-american-osteopathic-college-of-occupational-and-preventive-medicine-brings-popular-accreditation-courses-to-omed-2015-300160656.html SOURCE  The American Osteopathic College of Occupational and Preventive Medicine 