2015-10-23 LOS ANGELES, Oct. 23, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Streaming platform Feeln has launched its first ever food-themed celebrity lifestyle talk show, "Breaking Bread with Brooke Burke." Beginning today, the first two episodes will be available on the SVOD subsidiary of Hallmark. The premiere episode featuring Florence Henderson will be available, for-free, to all viewers and Episode 2, featuring Jane Seymour, will be available at the same time to paid subscribers.  Each 22 minute episode will feature Burke at either a celebrity's home or a favorite restaurant. Food is central to the show, depicted through the lense of family, friends and meaningful memories. Burke and her guests explore the many facets of food via cooking demonstrations, providing fodder for the interview and reminiscing over favorite meals and sentimental recipes. "I believe food triggers specific memories and meaningful meals last a lifetime.There is no better way to create family traditions than breaking bread with loved ones and friends," states the show's host and Executive Producer,Brooke Burke. "My intention is to take our guests on a walk down memory lane through the palate. I'm a foodie at heart, my kitchen is my family conference room where values are taught and shared." The initial production order is six episodes that feature celebrity guests Florence Henderson, Jane Seymour, Nicole Ari Parker and Boris Kodjoe, Carnie Wilson, Ali Landry, and Roma Downey and Mark Burnett. "We know that our audience loves wholesome, upbeat entertainment with proven stars and after meeting Brooke, we knew that she was the perfect host for our new talk show," said Rob Fried, CEO of Feeln. "Launching Breaking Bread with Brooke Burke is the next step in our long term strategy of creating unique reasons for our core demographic to visit Feeln on a regular basis."  Executive Producers of "Breaking Bread withBrookeBurke" includeBrooke Burke-Charvet, Rob Fried, Cristina Malavenda, Laurence Braun and David Harte. "Breaking Bread with Brooke Burke" Episodes include: Breaking Bread with Brooke Burke PremiereFlorence Henderson | Premieres Oct. 23 on Feeln Brooke meets up with America's most beloved TV mom, Florence Henderson ("The Brady Bunch") at her favorite Italian restaurant of nearly 25 years, Vitos, located in Santa Monica. Florence discusses her journey from childhood to career and how family dinners have been a treasure moment in her life. They next venture into the kitchen to make Florence's go-to Vito's dishes,linguini in a red clam sauce and the Vito's classic spaghetti de la casa. Jane Seymour | Premieres Oct. 23 on Feeln* Brooke meets up with friend and neighbor, actress Jane Seymour, at her home in Malibu. They explore Jane's incredible garden and gather fresh ingredients to with which to cook. On the menu are some of Jane's favorites including mushroom risotto,guacamole andblackenedsockeye salmon with a mango salsa.*Membership required Nicole Ari Parker & Boris Kodjoe | Premieres Oct. 30 on Feeln* Wood Spoon in downtown Los Angeles is known for their take on comfort foods, which is probably why Nicole Ari Parker and Boris Kodjoe call Wooden Spoon their go-to spot. The couple meets up with Brooke Burke at the restaurant to discuss the importance of family and cooking together, while learning how to make Nicole and Boris' favorite Wood Spoon dishes of grilled tilapia, specialty chicken potpie and sauted collard greens.*Membership required Carnie Wilson | Premieres on Nov. 6 on Feeln* Carnie Wilson of Wilson Philips shows off her cooking skills in the kitchen at Factor's Deli in Los Angeles. Carnie teaches Brooke Burke her Matzah ball soup recipe and shares why food has been such an importantsentimentalpart of her life. *Membership required Ali Landry | Premieres on Nov. 13 on Feeln BrookeBurkemeetsupwithherclosefriendand former Miss America Ali Landry at her home in Los Feliz. They swap sentimental stories as theycook a variety of flavorful dishes. On the menu is Mama Landry's "Petite Gateau Sec" little dry cookies, green tomatillo salsa, red tomato salsa, crispy garlic salsa and Huevos al Albail.*Membership required Roma Downey and Mark Burnett | Premieres on Dec. 4 on Feeln* This week, BrookeBurkeand husband, David Charvet, inviteclose family friendsRoma Downey ("Touched by an Angel")and Mark Burnett (creator of"The Voice,""The Apprentice"and"Survivor") over to sharefavorite family traditions and delicious holidayrecipes.Brooke shares her simple, yet delicious country roasted chicken recipe and Roma cooks roasted root vegetables that remind her of home in Ireland.*Membership required Feeln can be found on internet-connected devices including computers, iPhone, AppleTV & iPad devices, Android phones and tablets, Chromecast, Roku, Xbox 360, Samsung televisions and blu-ray players.  For more information, visit www.feeln.com; bbbreaksbread on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest AboutFeeln Based in Santa Monica, Feeln (www.feeln.com) is the SVOD subsidiary of Hallmark, founded by Academy Award-winning film producer Rob Fried. Feeln features a carefully curated collection of licensed and original films and TV shows and is the exclusive streaming destination for the esteemed Hallmark Hall of Fame films. Feeln caters to a predominately female audience base, including an emerging digital boomer market, handpicking content that matches their style and sensibility. Available via all major mobile devices, tablets, set-top devices and online platforms Feeln is available for $3.99 month or $23.99 a year.  Contacts:Stephanie BookerBeck Media & MarketingStephanie@beckmedia.com310-300-4818 Aubrey SiegelBeck Media & Marketingaubrey@beckmedia.com646-762-8702  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/feeln-serves-up-breaking-bread-with-brooke-burke-300165248.html SOURCE  Feeln 