2015-10-21 FREMONT, Calif., Oct. 21, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Agema Systems, a leading provider of high performance Next-Gen Open Networking platform, invites network and virtualization professionals to attend Agema portfolio of 1G/10G/25G/40G and 100G product introduction at CloudExpo2015, November 3-5 at the Santa Clara Convention Center. Agema will introduce high speed-high performance open networking white box switching platforms enabling networking professionals to transform legacy packet networks, reducing CAPEX and OPEX. While at Agema exhibit booth #317, attendees can obtain Agema product portfolio information for network virtualization and SDN implementation, learn about Agema's extensible modular NOS (Network Operating System), "Agema OS" and participate in a raffle drawing for Apple iPad. The Agema OS integrates traditional L2/L3 protocol suites and restful APIs/flow agent in hybrid box providing seamless arbitration for controller base network flow and protocol base flow control.  Joining Agema Systems, IP Infusion will present OcNOS extensible modular NOS for next-gen open networking, demonstrating how SDN and NFV can be realized in legacy packet network install base. "With SDN-based network data centers becoming a reality, enterprises and service providers require solutions with extensive enterprise and data center feature sets, flexibility and high-speed platforms," said Kiyo Oishi, CEO and president of IP Infusion. "With Agema Systems' high performance white box switching platform and the OcNOS network operating system from IP Infusion, network operators will have a fast, simple and more affordable solution to create their large-scale data centers." Agema's high performance open networking platform provides hybrid networking solutions in a box enabling customer a seamless path to network modernization for network virtualization, SDN and NFV.  "At Agema Systems, we take pride in our ingenuity of designing high performance switching platforms that are among the best in industry. Our open networking hybrid platform helps enterprise and service providers to transform network infrastructure from rigid, expensive and static to dynamic, cost effective and intelligent, eliminating the need for network overhaul," said Nick Milo, VP of Sales, Agema Systems. Supporting the introduction of Agema's new open networking white box switching platforms are: At CloudExpo, Agema will impart how powerful "extensible modular NOS" and "high performance white box platforms" deliver true network virtualization and software-defined network (SDN) transforms legacy packet networks and data centers.  About Agema Systems Agema Systems (www.agemasystems.com) is the leading provider of Open Platform White Box Networking solutions. Our open platform high performance switching products are among industry's best and available in bare metal or preloaded 3rd party extensible modular NOS (NOS) providing customer a choice and freedom to implement software solutions that best fit their needs. As the world's leading ODM provider for networking gears, we bring years of experience in delivering high performance, reliable and quality products that are deployed in some of world's largest networks including mega data centers. All product and company names herein may be trademarks of their registered owners. Contacts: Dhiman Deb ChowdhuryDirector, System Engineering510.344.2193dhiman.chowdhury@agemasystems.com  Nick MiloVP, Sales510.344.2192nick.milo@agemsystems.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/agema-to-introduce-its-next-gen-open-networking-platforms-at-cloud-expo-300164023.html SOURCE  Agema 