2015-10-21 LONDON, October 21, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- As part of their Earnings Season promotions, RBoptions now gives all its traders, comprising of both new and existing depositors, the opportunity to receive a Chevrolet Camaro coupe. The promotion, which celebrates General Motors Q3 earnings, will run for a week starting October 21st until October 27th, 2015 and makes RBoptions the only broker to offer an actual car. RBOptions links current financial market events to its customer promotions thereby allowing its traders to become fully immersed in the financial market atmosphere and enhancing its customer trading experience. Last week when the Las Vegas Sands Corp reported its earnings for the previous fiscal quarter. RBoptions offered its traders the opportunity to receive a once in a lifetime vacation to Las Vegas for two, including flights and a five-night stay at the 5 Star Las Vegas Sands Corp Hotel. RBoptions' rewards are available for all trading accounts dependent on the investment amount. Twenty traders (and counting) recently received their iPhone 6s Plus, to celebrate Apple's launch of its new high-end gadgets. Further still, many enjoyed from a luxurious Rolex Watch from the new Oyster Collection as part of RBoptions' Non-Farm Payroll promotion. There are many additional benefits of trading at RBoptions.com including rich set of innovative special features, huge bonuses, free trading signals, 24/7 impeccable customer support and much more. Andrew Segal, VP of Marketing stated: "Our traders' needs and desires are a top priority. We provide our traders with a complimentary education suite so they can take advantage of important trading events and make maximum profits. Our high-end luxury rewards reflect our clients' choice to entrust their investment funds with RBoptions and pursue high volume treading." About RBOptions: RBOptionsis a leading binary options investment house that offers an innovative trading platform for trading binary options including indices, commodities, currencies and stocks. Binary Options offers a simple way to take advantage of financial market price volatility, in order to make maximum profits. It is based on a yes/no proposition, hence "binary". Contact:
Andrew Segal, VP Marketing
BRoptions, Options Trading Househttp://www.rboptions.cominfo@rboptions.com
UK Support: +44(0)20-3807-0476 or worldwide: +1-647-930-0904 SOURCE  RB Options 