2015-11-03 PUNE, India, November 3, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- The 2015 market research report titled ICT investment trends in retail banks; Enterprise ICT spending patterns through to the end of 2016 presents the findings from a survey of 129 retail banks regarding their Information and Communications Technology (ICT) investment trends. Complete market report on retail banks' ICT investment trends and patterns spread across 33 pages, talking about 9 major companies and supported with 22 figures is now available at http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/428901-ict-investment-trends-in-retail-banks-enterprise-ict-spending-patterns-through-to-the-end-of-2016.html . This survey shows that retail banks are continuously looking to increase their investments in hardware and software, primarily driven by the need to enhance their go to market strategies with innovative services. The age of consumerism and bring your own devices (BYOD) is driving the investments in online and mobile banking, with online banking emerging as the topmost business area among retail banks, attracting largest investments from them in 2015. Meanwhile, increasing capital strength is vital for a banks' sustainable growth, as weak financial strength can jeopardize the bank's expansion plans. ICT investment trends in retail banks presents the findings from a survey of 129 retail banks regarding their Information and Communications Technology (ICT) investment trends. The survey investigates how retail banks currently allocate their ICT budgets across the core areas of enterprise ICT expenditure: hardware, software, IT services, communications, and consulting. The report illustrates the core technologies that banks are investing in, including business intelligence, IT systems management and cloud computing. The survey also highlights the approach to purchasing technology adopted by retail banks. Through Kable's survey, the report aims to provide a better insight to ICT vendors and service providers when pitching their solutions to retail banks. The report focuses on retail banks' ICT expenditure trends for specific business areas and technologies, identifying the top three IT projects, and understanding the business challenges faced by organizations. Companies mentioned in this research include Microsoft, IBM, HP, NSP, Oracle, SAP, Accenture, Apple and Dell. Order a copy of ICT investment trends in retail banks; Enterprise ICT spending patterns through to the end of 2016 market research report at http://www.reportsnreports.com/Purchase.aspx?name=428901 . Economic uncertainty and the need to adhere to stringent regulatory compliances are fuelling the adoption of disruptive technologies among retail banks. Retail banks are investing in agile ICT segments to streamline their operations and achieve greater efficiency to support their business growth. This research provides in-depth analysis of how ICT budgets are set to change in 2015 in terms of their overall size with information on allocation across the core elements of IT spend, including hardware, software, services, communications, and consulting. Distribution of ICT money in areas such as the networks, applications, service desk, and data centers is covered along with analysis of which ICT functions retail banks are interested in outsourcing. Retail banks' investment priorities based on their budget allocations across core technology categories such as business intelligence, IT systems management, and cloud computing, Factors that are influencing retail banks' investments in each technology category, How retail banks' IT budgets are currently allocated across various segments within a technology category, Retail banks' distribution of their ICT budget across various segments within a technology category, Vendor satisfaction ratings for various core and advanced technology categories, Insight into retail banks' preferred buying approaches, Business and IT objectives that retail banks are looking to achieve through their IT investment strategies a well as factors that are influencing retail banks' decisions to select an ICT provider are covered in this report. Explore more reports by Kable Global ICT Intelligence at http://www.reportsnreports.com/publisher/kable-global-ict-intelligence/ . About Us:
ReportsnReports.com is an online market research reports library of 500,000+ in-depth studies of over 5000 micro markets. Not limited to any one industry, ReportsnReports.com offers research studies on agriculture, energy and power, chemicals, environment, medical devices, healthcare, food and beverages, water, advanced materials and much more. Contact:
Ritesh Tiwari
UNIT no 802, Tower no. 7, SEZ
Magarpatta city, Hadapsar
Pune - 411013
Maharashtra, India.
+ 1 888 391 5441sales@reportsandreports.com Connect With Us on:  Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/pages/ReportsnReports/191441427571689 LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/reportsnreports Twitter: https: //twitter.com/marketsreports G+ / Google Plus: https://plus.google.com/111656568937629536321/posts Pinterest: http://www.pinterest.com/comeonseo/reportsnreports/ RSS/Feeds: http: //http://www.reportsnreports.com/feed/l-latestreports.xml 
SOURCE  ReportsnReports
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/retail-banks-ict-investment-trends-and-patterns-to-end-of-2016-539699901.html	    
	   SOURCE  ReportsnReports 