2015-11-12 NEW YORK, Nov. 12, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- About LBSLBS is used to track the location of users within a wireless network using location-enabled devices. LBS makes use of GIS technology and the Internet to track the location of users. The various location-enabled mobile devices are smartphones, tablets, PNDs, and location-enabled in-dash devices. LBS is used for discovering places and routes, tracking, obtaining traffic updates and real-time directions, routes to landmarks, information regarding ongoing local events, finding friends, location-based advertising, location-based shopping, location-based social networking, and location-enabled searches. It is also used for location-based entertainment and infotainment. Technavio's analysts forecast the LBS market in India to grow at a CAGR of 58.61% over the period 2014-2019. Covered in this reportThe report includes the present scenario and the growth prospects of the LBS market in India for the period 2015-2019. The market can be segmented based on application: location-based navigation, location-based tracking, location-based infotainment, location-based search and advertising, location-based analytics, indoor LBS, location-based recreation and fitness, and other applications. Technavio's report, LBS Market in India 2015-2019, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the landscape of the market and its growth prospects in the coming years. The report includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors- AdNear- CanvasM Technologies - Garmin International - MapmyIndia Other prominent vendors- Apple- Bharti Airtel- Bhuvan- Bing- ESRI- e-Zest- Facebook- FLAGMYOFFER- Genesys- Google- HERE- Hoppr- InMobi- Intergraph- LocationGuru- Mahindra Comviva- Mojostreet Infomedia Services - MyCityWay- Nowfloats- Polaris Wireless- SatNav Technology- SaveZippy- Scanpoint Geomatics- Spime- Syniverse Technologies- Tata Teleservices- Telenity- TomTom- Traffline- Yoose.com- Zomato Key market driver- Increased adoption of mobile internet- For a full, detailed list, view our report Key market challenge- Privacy concerns- For a full, detailed list, view our report Key market trend- LBS induced social networking- For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report- What will the market size be in 2019 and what will the growth rate be?- What are the key market trends?- What is driving this market?- What are the challenges to market growth?- Who are the key vendors in this market space?- What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors?- What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors?Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p02279347-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com 