2015-10-29 NEW YORK, Oct. 29, 2015 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ --Practising Law Institute (PLI) is pleased to announce Discover PLUS for iPad and iPhone. Discover PLUS is a subscription-based online research database targeted to legal, financial, and accounting professionals. Discover PLUS provides digital access to PLI's full collection of acclaimed Treatises, Course Handbooks, Legal Forms, Program Transcripts and Answer Books. Content is derived from over 2,000 secondary source publications written by today's experts on the most recent industry changes in regulations, rulings, and standard practices as well as over 400 + annual continuing legal education seminars.In developing the Discover PLUS App, PLI sought to create an interface that not only mirrored the award-winning desktop application, but also simplified the existing navigation and allowed synchronization for a seamless transition from a desktop to a mobile workspace.In an industry where real time research can make or break your case, we wanted to make sure you had an immediate connection to the right answers from the right people.  With the Discover PLUS app, you can access your account from your iPad or iPhone and have the most up-to-date, relevant information and techniques practiced by the industry's leading law firms, corporations, and government agencies. Imagine being able to access proven strategies and practice tips from your largest competitors with nothing more than a touch of a button. "We are pleased to be able to offer this app to Discover PLUS subscribers," said Alexa Robertson, Director of Library Relations and Electronic Publishing at PLI. "We continue to focus on providing high-quality content and making our interface easy and convenient to use. Next time you are in court or traveling, you will have more than 2,000 PLI titles at your fingertips.Any work you do will sync up to your account seamlessly."  The Discover PLUS app features: Discover PLUS for iPad and iPhoneis available in the App Store today. The app requires a Discover PLUS Membership.  Download Discover PLUS for the iPad and iPhone https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/discover-plus/id1042352941?mt=8 About Practising Law Institute (PLI)Practising Law Institute is a nonprofit continuing legal education and professional business training organization, chartered by the Regents of the University of the State of New York. Founded in 1933 by Harold P. Seligson, PLI is dedicated to providing the legal community and allied professionals with the most up-to-date, relevant information and techniques, through seminars and workshops, live Webcasts, and On-Demand learning. PLI also publishes comprehensive treatises and practice-focused Course Handbooks in print and also through Discover PLUS, our searchable eBook library and research database. PLI holds programs in its offices in New York and California, and elsewhere throughout the U.S., as well as in London, Hong Kong and Latin America. PLI annually awards more than 50,000 scholarships to its programs, and its more than 4,000 speakers include the most prominent lawyers, judges, investment bankers, accountants, corporate counsel, and U.S. and international regulators.  Learn more about PLI at www.pli.edu  Video - https://youtu.be/cbPjui7OE_4  Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151029/281915  Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120423/DC92468LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/practising-law-institute-launches-discover-plus-for-ipad-and-iphone-expert-answers-at-your-fingertips-300168980.html SOURCE  Practising Law Institute 