2015-10-28 LONDON -- Huawei, the world's third-biggest smartphone maker,is synonymous in the U.S.with budget devices -- and with doubts over the security of its products. But as the privately held Chinese company looks to transform from a cut-pricegadgetseller into aplayercapable of challengingthe biggestnames in the industry, it has taken a major step in that direction by hiringa formerApple execwho worked on the design of the original iPhone. The key hire, coupled with the recent debut of the sleek Mate S phone and a blockbuster third quarter in which shipments rose 63 percent, shows that Huawei's ambitions may be more than just pipe dreams. Asannounced in a post on the Chinese social media website Weibo,Abigail Brody, a former creative director at Apple,will join Huawei ashead ofitsconsumer business overseeing theuser experience design. The post, written in Mandarin, said Brody will establish a design studio in the U.S. to "track and lead the industry in cutting-edge design concepts."Her teamwill work with a team in China tocreate"the best user experience of Huaweisproducts." Brody worked at Apple for a decade starting in 2001 as lead product designerand creative director,racking upmore than25,000 hours at the company, according to her personal website. She has more thantwo-dozen Apple patents in her name,and her LinkedIn profile says sheworkedon multiple products, including iCloud and the user interface forthe originaliPhone. "This move shows Huawei's ambition to improve,not only to blend Western design thinking from a hardware perspectivebut also overall on the software side of things for smartphones and beyond," Counterpoint Research director Neil Shah told International Business Times.  

 

Abigail Brody, a former creative director at Apple who worked on the original iPhone, has joined Huawei as chief user experience designer.
LinkedIn


 More recently, Brody worked withPayPal as vice president of global design,leading a team of more than 300, buther time was cut short at the company due to a "medical issue," according to her site. As of this spring,she is"fully recovered and ...ready to get back into the swing of things." 63 PercentSmartphone Growth Brody will get back into the swing as vice president of user experience design at one of the fastest-growing smartphone manufacturers in the world, onepoised to make the leap from a manufacturer of low-end, cheap devices to a company that can challenge the likes of Apple and Samsung, in both scale and quality. On Tuesday, Huawei released its results for the third quarter of 2015, showing smartphone shipments up 63 percent at a time when shipments are slowing globally and in particular in Huawei's biggest market ofChina. Huawei's superb performance has seen it topple Xiaomi as China's biggest smartphone company with sales of premium smartphones now accounting for one third of all revenue. Huawei shipped 27.4 million smartphones in the three months to the end of September, and while this is still dwarfed by the 48 million iPhones Apple sold in the same quarter, Huawei will be encouraged by the growth atthe premium end of the market and is on target to meet its goalto sell 100 million units byyear's end, Richard Yu, CEO of Huawei's consumer business group, said in a statement. Security Concerns Huawei is the world's third biggest smartphone manufacturer and yet it barely has any brand awareness in the U.S., which isin part due to theconcerns over the security of the company's products, an issue which has been raised by the U.S. government in relation toitsnetworking equipment but which has had a knock-on effect on the company'shandset business in the world's second biggest smartphone market. The appointment of Brody will help the company break away from of its identity as a "cheap-and-cheerful" manufacturer, said ImranChoudhary, an analyst with Worldpanel ComTech. "This appointmentclearly shows Huawei really wanting to challenge Samsung and even Apple, particularly in emerging markets and China. Huawei has in recent years sought to match the likes of Apple, Samsung, Sony, LG and HTC by producing its P-series of flagship smartphones, and while thesedevices came close to competing at the premiumend of the market, they typically fell short. That all changed this year when the company launched its premium Mate S smartphone. which matches anything Apple or Samsung has produced in terms of design -- and even introduced a Force Touch feature before Apple's 3D Touch on the iPhone 6S.  

 

The Huawei Nexus 6P is the most premium Nexus smartphone to date, with a metallic chassis.
David Gilbert


 The company has also been granted the seal of approval by Google, who has partnered with Huawei to build the premium Nexus 6P,which shouldhelpits brand recognition in the U.S. "Huawei will use the Nexus win to increased visibility for their brand and smartphone quality in the mobile industry and among the savvy early adopters who typically buy Nexus devices," Ian Fogg, mobile analyst with IHS Technologies, told IBT. It's Just Emotion The problem with the Mate S however is not the hardware, but the software.Like all Huawei smartphones the Mate S runs Huawei's modified version of Android called Emotion UI. While it is highly customizable and offers a range of unique features, critics say it is ultimately too complicated and a distraction which takes away from the overall experience of using the phone. This is where Brody comes in. With a decade of experience at Apple under the tutelage of Apple Chief Design Officer Jony Ive, Brody iswell placed to help Huawei take the next step to widespread consumer acceptance -- particularly in the U.S. "Huawei will hope that in her role as Chief UX designer, Brody will help Huawei forge their own identity in a crowded space, aiming to differentiate themselves from other OEM's in particular other Android-based devices," Choudhary told International Business Times. Apple is unique in the smartphone industry by tightlycontrolling the hardware and software aspects of the iPhone. As an Android maker, that will be tough for Huawei. "Huawei wants to be as vertically integrated as Apple, though because of Android it doesn't own the full key stack.It has to innovate on top of Android with other design nuances to differentiate," said Shah. Design is critical to thesuccess of the company'smove away from the budget end of the smartphone market."It will lead to improved margins and greater smartphone profitability," said Fogg. Brody's appointmentshould helpHuawei's performance globally, and if she can getthe company'ssoftware experience to match that of its most recent hardware, then the Chinesemanufacturermay soonbe seen as a true competitor to Apple and Samsung. 