2015-11-10 PLAYA VISTA, Calif., Nov. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Belkin today announced that it has been named a CES 2016 Best of Innovation Awards Honoree for the Valet Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone in the Portable Media Players and Accessories product category.In addition, the Belkin Car Cup Mount for Smartphones was selected as a CES 2016 Innovation Awards Honoree in the Portable Media Players and Accessories product category, and the Belkin Car Power Valet was selected as a CES 2016 Innovation Awards honoree in the Portable Power product category. Products entered in this prestigious CES program are judged by a distinguished panel ofindependent industrial designers, independent engineers and members of the trade media to honor outstanding design and engineering in cutting edge consumer electronics products across 27 product categories.  Valet Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone The Valet Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone is the first-of-its-kind charging solution with an integrated magnetic charger for the Apple Watch and a Lightning connector for an iPhone. The Charge Dock's sleek finish compliments your devices, and its compact size effortlessly blends in on any desk or bedside table. Car Power ValetCrafted from aluminum and stainless steel, the Car Power Valet charges at 1.2A for iPhones and up to 2.4A for iPads. It effortlessly slides into any 12V power socket and seamlessly blend in any luxury vehicle interior. The Car Power Valet kit include either a single-port or dual-port charger, a 4-ft braided Lightning cable, an elegant dash magnet to secure the custom designed aluminum Lightning cable head to the dashboard, and a soft leather pouch for conveniently storing the entire charging kit.  Car Cup Mount The Belkin Cup Mount rotates at 360 degrees so users can position their smartphones in portrait or landscape mode. Portrait mode is ideal for charging, listening to music, and hands-free phone calls, while landscape view makes it easier to use navigation apps.  "We are a worldwide leader in the space of mobile accessories, and we take great pride in crafting products that push the boundaries of what's possible in this space," said Oliver Seil, Belkin International's Senior Design Director. "We are extremely pleased to have been recognized with a 2016 CES Best of Innovation Award as well as being recognized with two Honoree awards for our mobile accessories. These products exemplify Belkin's mission to create products of the highest quality that deliver the most delightful user experiences." The prestigious CES Innovation Awards are sponsored by the Consumer Technology Association (CTA)TM, the producer of CES 2016, the global gathering place for all who thrive on the business of consumer technologies, and have been recognizing achievements in product design and engineering since 1976. The Belkin Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone, Car Power Valet, and Cup Mount will be displayed at CES 2016, which runs January 6-9, 2016, in Las Vegas, Nevada. Best of Innovation Honorees will also be displayed at CES Unveiled New York, which features dozens of exhibitors and networking opportunities and runs 4:30-7:30 PM November 10 at the Metropolitan Pavilion in New York.  Entries are evaluated on their engineering, aesthetic and design qualities, intended use/function and user value, how the design and innovation of the product directly compares to other products in the marketplace and unique/novel features present. About Belkin International:At Belkin, we make people-inspired products that harness the power of technology to connect the dots between people and the experiences they love. Our award-winning product lines include QODE keyboards, mobile accessories for laptops, smartphones, tablets and a broad range of cable and power products. A privately held company founded in 1983, Belkin has more than 1,500 employees in 21 countries.  For more information, please visitBelkinon the Web,Follow us on Twitter,Like us on Facebook, or Follow us on Instagram.   2015 Belkin International, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. Belkin and many product names and logos are trademarks of the Belkin International. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/belkin-charge-dock-named-as-ces-2016-best-of-innovation-awards-honoree-300175552.html SOURCE  Belkin 