2015-11-09 PRINCETON, N.J., Nov. 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Braeburn Pharmaceuticals announced today that Frank E. Young, MD, PhD, Executive Vice President, Regulatory and Medical, accepted the 2015 Distinguished Scientist Award by the American College of Toxicology (ACT), the nation's largest professional toxicology association. Dr. Young also presented the keynote address at the annual awards luncheon, which took place at the Association's 36th Annual Meeting this week. ACT is a professional organization of about 1000 toxicologists with a mission to educate, lead, and serve professionals in toxicology and related disciplines by promoting the exchange of information and perspectives on applied toxicology and safety assessment.  The ACT Distinguished Scientist Award is presented to an individual who "has made outstanding contributions to toxicology, its relationship to the regulation of chemicals, and/or the improvement of public health."  "I am deeply honored to receive this year's ACT Distinguished Scientist Award," said Dr. Young. "I have been afforded many extraordinary opportunities to serve in academia, government and the private sector, all of which built on my original training and research as a pathologist. Toxicology is fundamental to modern society because it is the framework for ensuring human safety amidst scientific and technological advances. Through my role at Braeburn, I am thankful to apply my toxicology expertise in an effort to bring innovative and safe treatments to patient populations in dire need of new options." Dr. Young has contributed over 200 scientific publications in the fields of biotechnology and pathology, including development of some of the earliest cloning enzymes. Dr. Young is a member of the National Academy of Medicine of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine. He has received a Secretary's Special Citation, Department of Health and Human Services, the Inspector General's Award for Outstanding Integrity, PHS Surgeon General's Exemplary Service Medal and the 2006 Distinguished Alumnus Award from SUNY Upstate Medical University. "Braeburn is privileged to have Dr. Young on its senior management team and is benefitting tremendously from his unparalleled depth of experience and insight," said Behshad Sheldon, President and CEO of Braeburn. "His passion for improving public health runs deep. His keen understanding of the magnitude of the public health challenges posed by our current opioid abuse epidemic and the need for effective treatments are invaluable as we work closely with the FDA to secure regulatory approval for Probuphine, the first long-acting implant for the treatment of opioid addiction." "Opioid addiction is the greatest public health challenge our nation has faced since the AIDS epidemic in the 1980s," said Dr. Young. "I was proud to play a critical role in expediting the development and commercialization of new medicines to treat HIV and AIDS when I was FDA Commissioner. Opioid addiction is an even greater national challenge given the scope of the epidemic, its devastating consequences and the dire need for more proven treatment options. But just as the prognosis for HIV and AIDS has improved greatly, I believe we can achieve similar results in opioid addiction through development of innovative treatment options such as Probuphine."  About Braeburn Pharmaceuticals Braeburn Pharmaceuticals, an Apple Tree Partners company, is a pill-free pharmaceutical company delivering precision medicine in neuroscience. In September 2015 the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) accepted for review Braeburn's New Drug Application for its lead candidate, Probuphine, a six-month buprenorphine implant for treatment of opioid addiction. The Agency set February 27, 2016 as the target date for action. Long-acting therapeutic treatment options can be essential to improving patient outcomes and facilitating recovery in these conditions, which are often complicated by stigma and present significant public health challenges. Braeburn's investigational product pipeline consists of long-acting implantable and injectable therapies for serious neurological and psychiatric disorders, including opioid addiction, pain, and schizophrenia. Candidates include: Probuphine, a six-month buprenorphine implant for treatment of opioid addiction; CAM2038, weekly and monthly subcutaneous injection depot formulations of buprenorphine for treatment of opioid addiction and pain; a risperidone six-month implant for treatment of schizophrenia; and a novel molecule, ATI-9242, for treatment of schizophrenia. More information on Braeburn, can be found at www.braeburnpharmaceuticals.com.  Media Contact:Sherry Feldberg MSLGROUP (781) 684-0770braeburnpharma@mslgroup.com  Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150607/221301LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dr-frank-young-of-braeburn-pharmaceuticals-receives-2015-distinguished-scientist-award-from-american-college-of-toxicology-300175195.html SOURCE  Braeburn Pharmaceuticals 