2015-10-20 SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 20, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --ApplePie Capital, the first marketplace lender solely dedicated to the franchise industry, today announced new partnership agreements with East Coast Wings & Grill, Forever Yogurt, Jersey Mike's, Pinot's Palette, Salons by JC, and Uncle Maddio's Pizza Joint. Each franchise brand has been pre-qualified by ApplePie Capital in order to provide an efficient financing alternative for their franchisees.  The partnerships streamline the financing process for franchisees, enabling them to access loans of $100,000 to $1,000,0000 in 30 days or less to start, expand, remodel, refinance, or recapitalize their businesses. ApplePie Capital offers individual and institutional investors seeking attractive fixed-income returns the ability to invest in those loans through their online franchise loan marketplace.  "These new partners include some of the fastest-growing brands in the franchise industry," said ApplePie Capital CEO, Denise Thomas. "We're excited to help these well-established companies achieve their ambitious growth goals through flexible capital and multi-unit financing." East Coast Wings & Grill is a fast-growing, casual, family dining franchise that puts the spotlight on buffalo wings. Forever Yogurt is a leading brand in the frozen yogurt industry, bringing healthy, self-serve premium frozen yogurt to the Midwest. Jersey Mike's is a fast-casual sub sandwich franchise with more than 1,300 locations open and under development nationwide.  Pinot's Palette is a pioneer of the "paint and sip" experiencea revolutionary way to enjoy art and wine, meet new people, and bond with friends. Salons by JC is a unique concept that offers beauty and wellness professionals autonomy to provide services such as hair and nail care within a complex of beautiful salon studio suites. Uncle Maddio's Pizza Joint is a category leader of the create-your-own, fast casual pizza restaurant segment,making more than 2 million gourmet pizzas a year. "We are always looking for financial solutions that enable our franchisees to open more units faster," said Charles Willis, President of Pinot's Palette. "ApplePie provides a new alternative that we think will be attractive, particularly for franchisees with multi-unit development plans who need predictable access to capital."  With the addition of these new brands, ApplePie Capital now has a total of 24 brands participating in its marketplace. Previously announced brands include 101 Mobility, 18|8 Fine Men's Salon's, AdvantaClean, Brain Balance Achievement Centers, The Brass Tap, Brightway Insurance, Capriotti's Sandwich Shops, Fast-Fix Jewelry and Watch Repair, Marco's Pizza, Massage Green Spa, Metal Supermarkets, Nothing Bundt Cakes, Phenix Salon Suites, Sola Salon Studios, Tropical Smoothie Cafe, and Wetzel's Pretzels.  CONTACT: press@applepiecapital.com, 415-688-4599 Logo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150408/197480LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/applepie-capital-partners-with-six-more-franchises-300163183.html SOURCE  ApplePie Capital 