2015-11-04 DALLAS, Nov. 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) today announced that its Pilots have rejected the tentative contract agreement that Union and Company negotiators reached in September. According to the Southwest Airlines Pilots Association, 62 percent of Pilots who cast ballots voted against the deal.  "Everyone who worked on this agreement wanted to ensure that it recognized Southwest Pilots for the role they play in the Company's success," said Vice President of Flight Operations Craig Drew. "Although our efforts failed to produce an agreement, we will continue working until we have a contract that meets the needs of our Pilots and the Company."  The Negotiating Committees will resume discussions subject to the schedule and guidance of the National Mediation Board (NMB). The Company expects mediated discussions to resume in the spring of 2016.  Southwest Pilots will continue working under their existing contract until a new agreement is reached. Union and Company negotiators have been in contract discussions for more than three years and in mediated talks since November 2014.  ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 45th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 48,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually. Southwest operates more than 3,600 flights a day, serving 97 destinations across the United States and seven additional countries. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation's most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation's largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity while over the United States. That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to access streaming music provided by Apple Music or to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners.Southwest created Transfarency, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. In 2014, the airline proudly unveiled a bold new look: Heart. The new aircraft livery, airport experience, and logo, showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees to connect Customers with what's important in their lives.  From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as "The Southwest Effect," a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets. With 42 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier's performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2014 Southwest Airlines One Report can be found atSouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines' low fares online atSouthwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA.  