2015-10-26 NEW YORK, Oct. 26, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Market outlook of e-Learning IT infrastructure spending Technavio market analysts predict that gamification and massive open online courses (MOOCs) will drive the global e-Learning market, and help IT infrastructure spending in the sector reach a market size of close to $104 billion by 2019. MOOCs refer to online courses allowing free access to an unlimited number of users. Several e-Learning start-ups have partnered with universities such as Harvard, MIT, and Princeton to offer MOOCs. Market forecast over the next four years indicates a growing shift in educational organizations with the incorporation of MOOCs to impart education at minimal costs. Increased government support and IT infrastructure spending by universities are expected to boost the demand for IT in e-Learning during the forecast period.  Segmentation of global e-Learning IT infrastructure spending by category Hardware Software ConnectivityThe connectivity segment accounted for the largest share of the global e-Learning IT Infrastructure spending market in 2014. It comprises communications and related services. Communications include elements of IT security as well as network bandwidth among others. The number of concurrent network users, the reputation of network service providers, and IT security policies are some of the key factors considered in the adoption of connectivity infrastructure by the education sector. E-learning IT infrastructure spending by geographical segmentation Americas EMEA APACNorth America emerged as the key leading contributor to the e-Learning IT infrastructure spending market in the Americas region. Its growth is largely attributed to the rapid adoption of e-learning in the education sector of this region. In 2014, the EMEA region held the second largest share of the global e-learning IT infrastructure spending market. Western Europe in particular, has emerged as a key contributor to this market thanks to the growing adoption of open online courseware. This trend likely to continue driving the market in the EMEA region over the next four years. Leading vendor analysis of the global e-learning IT infrastructure spending market The competition in the market is expected to intensify as many new players are entering this market. Players in the market are constantly looking for ways to increase their market share through mergers and acquisitions and strategic partnerships. Adobe SystemsBlacboard Oracle SAPOther prominent vendors in the market include Apple, Aptara, Articulate Global, AT&T Technologies, City and Guilds Group, Cisco, Cornerstone, Dell, Desire2Learn, Docebo Inc., Edmodo, Google, HP, IBM, Infor, Instructure, Intel, Latitude Learning LLC, Lenovo, Microsoft, NetDimensions, NetSuite, Panacea, Schoology, Saba Software, Skillsoft Corp., SMART Technologies, SumTotal, and Unit4. Key questions answered in the report What are the key factors driving the e-Learning IT infrastructure spending?What are the key market trends impacting the growth of the e-Learning IT infrastructure spending?What are the various opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the e-Learning IT infrastructure spending?Trending factors influencing the market shares for EMEA, APAC, and Americas?Key outcome of the five forces analysis on the e-Learning IT infrastructure spending?Growth forecast of the e-Learning IT infrastructure spending until 2019?Technavio also offers customization on reports based on specific client requirement. Related reports Global Blended E-learning Market 2015-2019Global Synchronous E-learning Market 2015-2019Global Self-paced E-learning Market 2015-2019Generic E-learning Courses Market in the US 2015-2019Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03334939-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker reviews, finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com  __________________________Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001Intl: +1 339-368-6001 