2015-11-10 NEWARK, N.J., Nov. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Legal-Bay LLC, The Lawsuit Settlement Funding Company, wants to remind potential plaintiffs and current clients of their current holiday lawsuit cash advance promotion. Any and all clients, including new and existing ones, who fund before Black Friday in a minimum funding amount of $2,000 will receive a free gift card, and one lucky winner will receive a free 55" HD TV. The free gift cards and the one free television will be received prior to Christmas. The winner of the television will be chosen at random through a raffle. In order to be eligible to participate in the current promotion, clients must apply and be approved for pre-settlement funding lawsuit between now and Black Friday, November 27th, for a minimum funding amount of $2,000. The lawsuit cash advances are for new and existing clients who need lawsuit money prior to obtaining settlements on their individual cases. Legal-Bay has seen firsthand the stress their clients are under while awaiting their case settlements, and the holiday seasons are often less joyous and more worrisome when they find themselves without money for holiday shopping and even just daily living expenses. It is for this reason that Legal-Bay offers yearly holiday promotions and low rates so they can help their clients in any way possible. Legal-Bay is one of the only companies in the legal finance industry that runs holiday promotions with gift cards and exceptional holiday gifts  such as televisions and Apple iPhone devices. With the holiday season rapidly approaching, Legal-Bay is here to offer low rates, approvals within 12-24 hours, lawsuit funding guidance, and free holiday gifts. Contact Legal-Bay prior to Black Friday to see how they can assist you during this difficult time.  Chris Janish, CEO, commented on this year's current holiday promotion, "We are starting to see a dramatic increase in applications with clients wanting to participate for this great promotional TV gift. Typically, clients are in need of a cash advance as we get closer to Thanksgiving and Christmas. With only two weeks until Thanksgiving, time is running out to get your application in and funded timely." All plaintiffs need to do is apply and fund for a minimum of $2K, and they are guaranteed a free gift card and a spot in the raffle for a free 55" HD TV. It costs absolutely nothing for a free case evaluation. To apply right now, fill out an application online at: http://lawsuitssettlementfunding.com Legal-Bay states that the cases listed below are eligible for a chance to win a gift card and possibly the free 55" HD TV, providing that the minimum funding amount is $2K or more:  Car Accident Funding, Car Wreck Funding, Truck Accident Funding, Airplane Accident/Injury Case Funding, Bicycle Injury/Incident Case Funding, Kugel Mesh Hernia Case Funding, DePuy Hip Lawsuit Funding, Stryker Hip Lawsuit Funding, BP Oil Spill Claim Funding, Construction Accident Funding, Discrimination Case Funding, Medical Malpractice Lawsuit Funding, Pharmaceutical Lawsuit Funding, Yaz or Yasmin Birth Control Case Funding, NuvaRing Funding, Police Brutality Case Funding, Transvaginal Mesh and Bladder Sling Lawsuit Funding, Merrill Lynch Black Broker Settlement Funding, BioMet and Wright Hip Funding, Sexual Harassment and Sexual Abuse Lawsuit Funding, Structure Settlement Funding, Surgical Funding, Tractor Trailer or Semi Accident Funding, Prison Rape Case Funding, Wrongful Imprisonment Funding, Wrongful Termination Funding, Jones Act or Maritime Lawsuit Funding, Settled Case Settlement Funding, Slip and Fall or Premise Liability Case Funding, Wrongful Death or Personal Injury Lawsuit Funding, Defective Pain Pump Case Funding, Attorney or Law Firm Funding, Securities Fraud Arbitration Funding, Verdict on Appeal and Judgment on Appeal Cases, Commercial Litigation Funding, Qui Tam or Whistle Blower Lawsuit Funding, Zimmer Knee NexGen Case Funding, NFL Concussion Case Funding, Pradaxa Case Funding, Actos Case Funding, da Vinci Robot Case Funding, Byetta, Januvia, Victoza Diabetes Drug Case Funding, and all Civil Cases involving General Negligence that are represented by an Attorney.  Legal-Bay's programs are non-recourse lawsuit cash advances, also known as case funding. None of the programs should be considered to be a settlement loan, settlement loans, lawsuit loan, lawsuit loans, pre-settlement loans, or a pre-settlement loan. To learn more about Legal-Bay's Funding Process visit: http://www.lawsuitssettlementfunding.com/funding-process.php  To apply right now for pre-settlement lawsuit funding and a chance to win a free 55" HD TV, feel free to contact Legal-Bay on the company's 24-hour hotline at: 877.571.0405 where live agents are available to assist you and answer any questions you may have. You may also fill out an online application to receive a free evaluation on your case at: http://lawsuitssettlementfunding.com Source: Legal-Bay LLC Contact: Patty Kirby, COO/Head of Client Relations 
Ph. 877.571.0405 Email: intake@legal-bay.com 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151109/285598Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140714/126845 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/legal-bay-lawsuit-settlement-funding-says-clients-have-17-days-until-black-friday-to-participate-in-current-holiday-promotion-300175526.html
SOURCE  Legal-Bay LLC
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/legal-bay-lawsuit-settlement-funding-says-clients-have-17-days-until-black-friday-to-participate-in-current-holiday-promotion-300175526.html	    
	   Ph. 877.571.0405 Email: intake@legal-bay.com  Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151109/285598Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140714/126845  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/legal-bay-lawsuit-settlement-funding-says-clients-have-17-days-until-black-friday-to-participate-in-current-holiday-promotion-300175526.html SOURCE  Legal-Bay LLC 