2015-11-12 CHESTERBROOK, Pa., Nov. 12, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --The Johnson & JohnsonDiabetes Solutions Companiesannounced today that people with diabetes using LifeScan, Inc.'s OneTouch Reveal mobile app, for diabetes management, can now view their blood sugar readings directly in the Health app on their iPhone and choose to privately and securely share that data with their healthcare team. Also, in honor of World Diabetes Day on November 14, LifeScan, Inc. will donate 1.3 Million blood glucose monitoring test strips in support of the Life for a Child program  the International Diabetes Federation's (IDF) ongoing effort to provide urgently needed diabetes supplies to children worldwide.  "For the nearly 400 million people worldwide living with diabetes, management needs to be approached holistically  looking not only at blood glucose levels, but also insights gleaned from how factors like diet and exercise, as well as insulin and other medications impact individual treatment regimens. The only way this can be done successfully is by allowing patients to gather, combine, and share their data in ways that are easier and more intuitive for them," said Dr. Brian Levy, Chief Medical Officer, LifeScan, Inc. "We're thrilled to offer this new connectivity and ultimately help people have access to the information they need using the tools of their choice to better manage their diabetes." OneTouch Verio Sync meter users can wirelessly sync their data to the OneTouch Reveal mobile app for access across multiple devices. With this announcement, this information can now be synced with the Apple Health app, providing a comprehensive view of an individual's overall health for themselves and in turn their healthcare providers.  While the Johnson & Johnson Diabetes Solutions Companies champion Interconnected Diabetes Management (IDM) and the use of technology to help manage diabetes, the organization is also aware that tens of thousands of children around the world do not have access to fundamental lifesaving supplies, education and care critical to the management of the disease. For this reason, LifeScan has supported the IDF's Life for a Child  a program dedicated to helping children with diabetes in 46 developing countries  since 2004. In honor of World Diabetes Day 2015 and the opportunity for people to use the Health app with their OneTouch Reveal mobile app, LifeScan will donate 1.3 million OneTouch brand test strips to facilitate blood glucose monitoring for children living with diabetes in underserved populations.  Even with this donation, thousands of children are still in desperate need of help. According to IDF, there are more than 497,000 children with Type 1 diabetes under the age of 15. For those children in developing countries, the lack of access to insulin, monitoring equipment, and expert care can be life-threatening. The prevalence of Type 2 diabetes in children is also on the rise worldwide. Life for a Childwelcomes further support so that their vision of 'No Child Should Die of Diabetes' can be realized. To take part in this worldwide initiative by making a charitable donation, please visithttp://www.idf.org/lifeforachild. About LifeScan, Inc. and Johnson & Johnson Diabetes Solutions Companies With a shared vision of creating a world without limits for people with diabetes, the Johnson & Johnson Diabetes Solutions Companies is a collaboration of Johnson & Johnson companies dedicated to diabetes and includes LifeScan, Inc., a world leader in blood glucose monitoring; Animas Corporation, maker of innovative insulin delivery systems; Calibra Medical, Inc. developer of a unique 3-day wearable insulin patch; and the Johnson & Johnson Diabetes Institute, LLC, a global initiative to improve care and better outcomes worldwide through education and training programs. In the U.S. Lifescan, Inc. is the leading blood glucose monitoring company and OneTouch brand products are recommended by more endocrinologists and primary care physicians than any other brand. Globally, more than 10 million people depend on OneTouch brand products for simple testing and accurate results to help them manage their diabetes. For more information visit: www.OneTouch.com. About Life for a Child The Life for a Child program was established in 2000 with support from the Diabetes NSW and HOPE worldwide. It is an innovative and sustainable support program in which individuals, families and organizations contribute monetary or in-kind donations to help children with diabetes in developing countries. The program currently helps over 17,000 children and youths with diabetes in 46 countries. To learn more or contribute visit: www.idf.org/lifeforachild  Third party trademarks used herein are trademarks of their respective owners. iPhone and HealthKit are trademarks of Apple Inc. Johnson & Johnson Communications: Bridget Kimmel (215) 688-6033 BKimmel@ITS.JNJ.com  Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151110/285767LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/onetouch-reveal-app-for-diabetes-management-adds-support-for-healthkit-300175892.html SOURCE  Johnson & Johnson Diabetes Solutions Companies 