2015-10-20 NEW YORK, Oct. 20, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --New Yorkers will find a new beer on shelves this fall from Smart Beer, the first organic beer company born and bred in New York. The brand, which is headquartered in New Paltz, in the heart of the Hudson Valley, will release its first flagship brew, Organic Golden Ale, set to arrive in bars, restaurants and retailers across the state this month.  Crafted with pure, certified organic ingredients, Smart Beer Organic Golden Ale has a refreshing taste created for consumers who want to enjoy life with a beer they can feel good about drinking. Complemented by a crisp blend of herbs and spices, the bright ale provides a fresh, flavorful beer experience (5.5% ALC/VOL). Founder Gabriel Heymann realized he needed a beer that he could enjoy without feeling like he compromised his health-conscious, active lifestyle. He thirsted for a beer that was made from sustainable ingredients and a brand that supported his social and environmental values. This thirst gave way to the concept of Smart Beer. "I wanted to enjoy both my social life and my healthy lifestyle," Heymann said. "We shouldn't have to sacrifice well-being in order to celebrate life's moments, and that's what this beer is about." Smart Beer bridges the gap between the craft beer and the organic,non-GMO product movements that are gaining momentum in the Big Apple and beyond, providing a high-quality, authentic beer made with pure ingredients consumers can trust. For a health-focused and socially-conscious generation, it provides a great option for balancing celebration with healthy, active lifestyles.  Smart Beer Organic Golden Ale will be on shelves this fall at Whole Foods and Food Cellar, as well as at bars and restaurants including Double O Grill (Wappingers Falls), Max London's (Saratoga Springs) and Montana's Trail House (Bushwick), among other great spots across the state.  "We're really excited to add Smart Beer to the menu here," Montana Masback, owner of Montana's Trail House, said. "It's an extremely drinkable, great-tasting beer that our customers will love." To celebrate Smart Beer's arrival, Montana's Trail House will host a launch party on October 24, 2015, starting at 2pm. For more information, including other Smart Beer tastings and events, visit smartbeercompany.com. About Smart Beer At Smart Beer, we believe in the balance between celebrating life and living well. That's why we're committed to brewing the purest organicbeer for people aspiring to live a healthy, active, and balanced lifestyle. Based in New York's Hudson Valley, Smart Beer is New York's first organic beer company, created to bring you a clean, crisp, refreshing beer experience you can feel good about. To find out more, visit us at smartbeercompany.com.  Media ContactNicole FischerNicole.Fischer@padillacrt.com212-421-8321 Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151020/278635 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/drink-smarter-new-yorks-first-organic-beer-to-hit-shelves-this-fall-300162926.html SOURCE  Smart Beer 