2015-11-04 DUBLIN, Nov. 4, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets (http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/l3sgbk/global) has announced the addition of the "Global Application Processor Market 2015-2019" report to their offering.  The global application processor market to grow at a CAGR of 2.42% by revenue during 2014-2019.  The report, Global Application Processor Market 2015-2019, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report focuses on the market landscape and its growth prospects in the coming years. The report includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global application processor market for 2015-2019 along with a technologic overview of the market.  The advances in graphics processing unit (GPU) architecture and new software designs require complex processing, which fuels the demand for efficient application processors, and prompts manufacturers to upgrade their designs. In addition, the development of octa-core processor has enhanced the performance of mobile devices by streamlining the process of multitasking. Also, the bigLITTLE core design, with low power cores and innovative architecture, offers a balance between peak performance and low energy consumption. According to the report, the increase in sale of smartphones is contributing to the growth of the global application processor market. Decline in the ASP of smartphones and tablet PCs, and increase in urbanization and per capita income have increased the purchasing power of consumers in developing countries. Additionally, to meet the increased demand for handsets with the latest technology, OEMs are launching low-range, affordable devices for price sensitive markets like China and India. This will attract a large number of consumers, and increase their market penetration and share. This will increase the unit shipments of smartphones and tablet PCs, thereby contributing to the growth of the global application processor market.  Further, the report states increasing that demand-supply gap and the cyclical nature of the smartphone and tablet PCs market is also likely to affect market growth adversely during the forecast period. The market has been segmented and sub-segmented on the following basis: By end-user:  Key vendors Other prominent vendors Key Topics Covered:  Part 01: Executive summary  Part 02: Scope of the report Part 03: Market research methodology  Part 04: Introduction Part 05: Technology Landscape  Part 06: Market landscape Part 07: Market segmentation by end user  Part 08: Geographical segmentation Part 09: Key leading countries  Part 10: Market drivers Part 11: Impact of drivers  Part 12: Market challenges Part 13: Impact of drivers and challenges  Part 14: Market trends Part 15: Vendor landscape  Part 16: Key vendor analysis Part 17: Appendix  For more information visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/l3sgbk/global  Media Contact:  Laura Wood, +353-1-481-1716, press@researchandmarkets.net  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-application-processor-market-2015-2019---emergence-of-smartphones-tablet-pcs-and-laptops-as-new-gaming-platform-a-major-market-challenge-300172512.html SOURCE  Research and Markets 