2015-10-20 HOUSTON, Oct. 20, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Connect2Car, an established leader in integrated automotive electronic solutions, today announced the debut of the Connect2Car Apple Watch application, which allows users to remotely find, start, and manage other critical safety aspects of their car. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151020/278595 Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151020/278596  Control your Car with your Apple Watch using Connect2Carhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtLWegaaMA0 "A vehicle key fob is a good candidate of what can be replaced with a wearable technology such as the Apple Watch as a digital key fob because the apple watch will save you the hassle of reaching out for your keys or phone to unlock the door. Though there are some new vehicles, especially new electric cars integrating with wearable controls such as the Apple watch, there are really limited alternative options for someone with an existing vehicle to watch enable their ride," according to John Alo, the product manager. Connect2Car provides the functionality of a traditional key fob and more via an Apple Watch interface with any of the Connect2Car aftermarket units, which start at $139 for a basic plug and play unit to $199 for more advanced units that require installation. Drivers can now start their car, lock and unlock doors right from their wrist. Other features include a car finder with a real time distance and map indicator, so users can find where the car is parked. Other features include speed limit alerts to avoid over speeding, driving history, and car cross alert to be notified if a car crosses a preset boundary. Additionally, you get car security control, and vehicle alarm notifications if the car is being tampered with right from your wrist. The Connect2Car system has unlimited range because it uses cellular connectivity to communicate with your phone. According to a company spokesperson, the Connect2Car Iphone, Ipad and Apple Watch application is available now in the App store. An Android version of the application is also available on the Play Store. You can learn more about the application at the companies website: http://www.connect2car.com . More About Connect2Car Founded in 2003, Connect2Car helps vehicle owners stay remotely connected with their vehicles using technology. Connect2Car strives to give maximum productivity, expand functionality and facilitate deep personalization using mobile technology solutions. To learn more about Connect2Car and their full line of connected vehicle solutions, call 1-914-751-6426 or learn more online at http://www.connect2car.com CONTACT INFORMATION John Alo Media RelationsPhone: 1-914-751-6426Website: http://www.connect2car.com/ Email To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/apple-watch-car-starter-and-vehicle-management-app-announced-by-connect2car-300162808.html SOURCE  Connect2Car 