2015-11-13 VAN NUYS, Calif., Nov. 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Luxury made-to-order van manufacturer Bespoke Coach will debut the newest addition to its lineup at the Los Angeles Auto Show  booth WL-7 in the West Hall Lobby  next week. Intended to compete with luxury stretched Cadillac Escalade ESV, the 144 Executive Coach takes Bespoke comfort to a new level. Great things come in small packagesCompared to Bespoke's full-size van, the 144 Executive Coach is 41" shorter in length and 11" shorter in height, and comes at a lower starting price of $149,900. The 144 Executive Coach offers all of the features available in our full-size van, including motorized shades, motorized laptop tables, a built-in bar and Nespresso machine, a digitally controlled refrigerator freezer, and an entertainment center equipped with Apple TV, DirecTV, and Blu-ray capabilities. Bespoke customers can recline in custom-made, 23" wide seats, setting the mood with the LED lighting color picker and a 900 watt premium sound system. The 144 Executive Coach's smaller size and lower price point make it more accessible to buyers. The 144 Executive Coach features four Bespoke recliners and a front 40" Samsung TV, which doubles as a motorized partition between the driver and passenger zones. As in the full-size van, each recliner is upholstered in plush Italian leather and equipped with six-way seat control and leg lift to truly personalize each passenger's experience. Compact yet spacious"The 144 Executive Coach is impressively spacious  it is 9" longer and 20" taller than the Cadillac Escalade ESV. There's no need to stretch an Escalade, the 144 Executive Coach provides similar maneuverability with a lot more headroom," said Bespoke Coach President Gabi Mashal. "Here at Bespoke Coach, we are confident that the 144 Executive Coach will interest both our current and future customers."  About Bespoke CoachBespoke Coach innovatively redesigns Mercedes-Benz Sprinter vans, delivering made-to-order luxury coaches. Bespoke's owners began customizing cars in 1985, creating audio, video, interior, and exterior offerings for celebrities and the most discerning clientele. Today, the Van Nuys, California-based company is a certified Mercedes-Benz MasterUpfitter that specializes in custom Sprinter van conversions. Bespoke's top-notch team of designers, engineers, and fabricators apply their skills and imagination to make each customer's vision into reality. Find Bespoke online at BespokeCoach.com, as well as on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube. Sharon MashalBespoke Coach1-800-470-8888media@bespokecoach.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bespoke-coach-to-debut-its-new-144-executive-coach-at-la-auto-show-300178751.html SOURCE  Bespoke Coach 