2015-10-27 TAMPA, Florida, October 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- MagneGas Corporation ("MagneGas" or the "Company") (MNGA) a leading technology company that counts among its inventions a patented process that converts liquid waste into MagneGas2 fuel, announced today that its cutting fuel has again been selected by industry experts as the fuel of choice for five major demolition projects in Florida. MagneGas2 fuel is being used for the steel cutting portion of the projects which involve two separate demolition companies. The projects are both long and short term and in various stages of work in progress, with various amounts of steel cutting required.  The five demolition and reconstruction projects range in scope from hotels, resorts and other structures to roadways & bridges, and cover both the private, public and military sectors. Along with the previously announced Pier demolition in St. Petersburg, MagneGas2 is now being used in 6 of the top 10 demolition projects in the Central Florida area, based on Company estimates. MagneGas2 has increasingly and consistently received positive feedback not only from end users such as demolition companies, but also from utility companies, industrial & military facilities due to its proven faster cutting speed and smaller heat affected zone, demonstrated safety attributes and its eco-friendly aspects. The fuel is produced in the USA as opposed to acetylene which is made from calcium carbide imported primarily from China and other countries. The increased cutting speed translates into the potential of increased productivity and lower costs for end users. "This is yet another instance where the companies involved in major projects have asked for MagneGas specifically as the fuel of choice. Feedback is that MagneGas adds dollars to their bottom line, due to the speed of the cut, increased productivity, less fuel required and results in a quicker, less costly completion date," commented Ermanno Santilli, CEO of MagneGas Corporation. The MagneGas IR App is now available for free in Apple's App Store for the iPhone or iPad http://bit.ly/AfLYww and at Google Play http://bit.ly/Km2iyk for Android mobile devices. To be added to the MagneGas investor email list, please email pcarlson@kcsa.com with MNGA in the subject line. About MagneGas Corporation  MagneGas Corporation (MNGA). The Company owns a patented process that converts various liquids and liquid wastes into hydrogen based fuels. These fuels can be used as a replacement to natural gas or for metal cutting. The Company's testing has shown the fuels are faster, cleaner and more productive than other alternatives on the market. They are also cost effective and safe to use with little changeover costs. The Company currently sells MagneGas into the metal working market as a replacement to acetylene. The MagneGas fuel production systems can be set-up locally using various types of feedstock. The Company believes this flexibility can give them an advantage in the Government/Military marketplace as fuels can be manufactured on site from raw materials found locally worldwide and eliminates the time and expense of shipping to the specific military theater. The Company is planning to establish joint ventures with third parties to construct these supply facilities worldwide. The Company also sells equipment for the sterilization of bio-contaminated liquid waste for various industrial and agricultural markets. In addition, the Company is developing a variety of ancillary uses for MagneGas fuels utilizing its high flame temperature for co-combustion of hydrocarbon fuels and other advanced applications. For more information on MagneGas, please visit the Company's website at http://www.MagneGas.com. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains forward-looking statements as defined within Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements relate to future events, including our ability to raise capital, or to our future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could, and likely will, materially affect actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Any forward-looking statement reflects our current views with respect to future events and is subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our operations, results of operations, growth strategy and liquidity. We assume no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. The Company is currently using virgin vegetable oil to produce fuel while it configures its systems to properly process waste within local regulatory requirements. For a discussion of these risks and uncertainties, please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our public filings with the SEC are available from commercial document retrieval services and at the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Investor Contacts:
KCSA Strategic Communications
Philip Carlson / Brad Nelson
+1-212-896-1233 / +1-212-896-1217pcarlson@kcsa.com / bnelson@kcsa.com by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov  
SOURCE  MagneGas Corporation
http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/337446201.html	    
	   SOURCE  MagneGas Corporation 