2015-11-05 NEW YORK, Nov. 5, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Maxim announced Glenn O'Brien as editor-at-large.  Glenn O'Brien, who has served as editor at such publications as Interview, Spin, and Rolling Stone, has joined Maxim as Editor-at-Large. O'Brien is well known for his writing on art, music and style for such publications as Artforum, Esquire, GQ, Playboy, the New Yorker and the New York Times. He founded, published and edited the literary magazine Bald Ego and has written several popular columns including Glenn O'Brien's BEAT for Interview, Like Art (a column about advertising) for Artforum, and The Style Guy for GQ. O'Brien worked as creative director for Barneys, Island Records and Calvin Klein and created advertising for such brands as Giorgio Armani, Dior, Dolce & Gabbana, and Chanel. O'Brien is the author of many books including the best selling How to Be a Man. His new talk show, Tea at the Beatrice with Glenn O'Brien debuted on M2M/Apple TV in October. O'Brien says of Maxim, "I'm very excited about what Sardar Biglari is doing after acquiring this already successful title. I sense that there is a huge void in men's magazines today, with no title serving intelligent, sophisticated and ambitious men. Maxim will provide an inspiring and exciting forum for them." Sardar Biglari, founder and Chairman of Biglari Holdings, said "I amextremely pleased that Glenn O'Brien has joined Maxim as editor-at-large. I am looking forward to working with Glenn on our journey to create a dominant magazine." As editor-at-large of Maxim, O'Brien will set the editorial tone, expand its creative resources and stimulate its evolution as a men's lifestyle magazine.  Maxim is #1 among all magazines in percentage page growth from January to September 2015. Since the acquisition of Maxim by Biglari Holdings, the magazine has attracted first-time in-book commitments from fashion and luxury advertisers, including Prada, Versace, Calvin Klein, Hugo Boss and more.  About Maxim Maxim is the leader in men's lifestyle magazines. In addition to its U.S. publication, Maxim publishes 11 international print editions, distributed in 67 countries worldwide. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/maxim-announces-glenn-obrien-as-editor-at-large-300173052.html SOURCE  Maxim 