2015-11-02 PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 2, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --EMSFind, Inc (OTCQB: EMSF) announces formation of Viva Entertainment Group (VEG), a wholly owned subsidiary with focus on developing and marketing its technology, and delivering content, subscription TV services to a variety of smart devices including connected TVs, streaming media players, smartphones and tablets featuring Over The Top (OTT) technology.  The VEG's platform enables subscribers to access licensed and free-to-air content across these devices anywhere in world, wherever there is an internet connectivity. The customer viewing experiences are based on customer location and content-rights management. Content can be viewed via interactive apps which will be available for free download from App Stores for iOS (Apple), Android, GoogleTV and Amazon FireTV devices.  New published surveys have shown the increased demand for high-definition channels as well as higher video-on-demand content, and the rapid growth of global IPTV and OTT systems. The market is estimated to more than triple in size, rising to $79.38 billion by 2020 from $24.94 billion in 2013, according to a report by Transparency Market Research. In addition, company is pleased to announce that Johnny Falcones has agreed to accept position of President of Viva Entertainment Group and the appointment to the Board of Director of EMSFind. As President of Viva Entertainment Group, Johnny Falcones will lead the development of plans for strategic growth and in the effort to develop, implement and finance those plans.  Johnny Falcones stated, "We have assembled a team of industry veterans and elite developers in mobile, over-the-top (OTT), music, media, and technology. This world-class group of professionals has come together to deliver the ultimate consumer experience. VEG will offer consumers all over the world with the opportunity to view the most sought after content includingTV shows, sporting events, the latest movies, live concerts, pay per view events around the globe on a 24/7/365 basis. The benefits of web based TV, including the portability and customization capabilities, and viable alternatives to traditional cable and satellite is what people want. I am deeply honored to have this opportunity to lead Viva through the important time of corporate positioning, product development, marketing and international deployment. Our unique, portable and personalized content delivery technology combined with the team of talent I intend to bring will provide VEG with a once-a-life time opportunity to shape the future of live-streaming TV worldwide. My immediate goals are to take the steps necessary to complete platform development, to deploy marketing, to build the subscriber base, and to position our OTT platform as the best alternative to traditional cable or satellite subscription packages." Steve Rubakh, CEO of EMSFind, Inc said, "We are pleased to have Johnny Falcones join our Board of Directors and to position VEG as the leader in booming OTT market. This is aprime time for Internet basedtelevision opportunities and Johnny Falcones has the strategic vision,the drive, and connections to advance VEG's platform in the TV industry. His extensive experience in the entertainment industry has guided thecareers of Marc Anthony, Celia Cruz, Tito Puente andSoleil J. In addition he has founded and operated a successful record label company alongside of the Universal Music Group.I am confident the launch ofVEG willcreate a win-win scenariofor consumers and shareholders." EMSFind, Inc Company designs, develops, markets, operates and invests in technology and software assets with focus on mobile on-demand health care and entertainment sectors. EMSfind App is patent pending, medical transportation on-demand platform, designed to connect the health care providers and consumers to a network of medical transport companies throughout the United States and Canada. Industry's first, on-demand mobile application, links health care providers and consumers with the closest medical transportation providers for the benefit of the patients. The platform enables users (hospitals, medical offices, nursing homes, home care agencies and other medical providers) and public to schedule medical transportation in timely and efficient way based on the type of medical transportation which best fits each patients needs. Ems Find App works on any smart device including smartphones, tablets or laptops. iOS, android and desktop versions will allow users to connect in real time to local and near by pre-screened medical transportation companies wherever the medical transports are needed and fit the medical, logistical and financial criteria. Viva Entertainment Group, Inc (VEG) Company develops and markets the next generation subscription television service providing consumers with live-streaming, genre-specific, and in-language viewing choices from around the world, delivered to anywhere in the world, and through any internet enabled device. VEG's platform provides an economically beneficial and completely versatile alternative to traditional cable and satellite services, with the added benefits of personalization and portability.  Safe Harbor StatementThe information posted in this release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by use of the words "may," "will," "should," "plans," "explores," "expects," "anticipates," "continue," "estimate," "project," "intend," and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic and business conditions, effects of continued geopolitical unrest and regional conflicts, competition, changes in technology and methods of marketing, and various other factors beyond the Company's control. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/emsfind-launches-entertainment-on-demand-ott-platform-300169956.html SOURCE  EMSFind, Inc 