2015-10-27 ATLANTA, Oct. 27, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Porsche announces the new Macan GTS. With more power, a reengineered suspension, unique GTS-specific exterior and interior appointments, and new connectivity options, the new Macan GTS provides an enthusiastic driving experience that enhances the current Macan range. Based on the 3.0-liter twin-turbocharged V6 engine in the Macan S, the Macan GTS incorporates hardware changes and a unique engine calibration to allow the engine to develop 360 hp at 6000 rpm and 369 lb.-ft. of torque between a broad 1650-4000 rpm. The rest of the all-wheel-drive powertrain matches up to the Macan Turbo; Porsche's seven-speed PDK dual-clutch transmission is combined with Porsche's Traction Management system (PTM) that actuates an electro-hydraulic, multi-plate clutch to variably engage the front axle depending on traction needs. All told, this powertrain package accelerates the Macan GTS to 60 mph in as little as 4.8s in conjunction with the optional Sport Chrono Package and up to a top track speed of 159 mph. Porsche's Stability Management system is also recalibrated for this application, and when combined with the Sport Chrono package, it provides an even more dynamic driving experience. Large 360 mm front rotors, with six-piston fixed calipers finished in red, and 330 mm rear rotors, with single-piston calipers also painted in red, provide the braking force needed for performance use and assist with torque vectoring, via Porsche's optional Torque Vectoring system (PTV). Air suspension, including Porsche Active Suspension Management (PASM), comes standard on the Macan GTS. This combination provides adjustable ride height and damper stiffness. These parameters help optimally tune the car for virtually any driving condition. Macan GTS specific suspension tuning also includes a 10-millimeter reduction of standard ride height, compared to the Macan Turbo, further lowering the center of gravity.  The Macan GTS is characteristically recognized by the many black exterior accents. The window trim is finished in high gloss black, there is a matte finish on the lower body and the Porsche Macan GTS designation on the rear hatch, and the standard 20" RS Spyder Design wheels are finished in Satin Black. Side blades, located in the lower portion of the doors, are matte black with GTS logos in contrasting gloss black. The Macan GTS will be available with optional LED headlights that feature Porsche's unique four-point daytime running lights, as well as a cornering light function. On the inside, the Macan GTS features a standard leather package and GTS sport seats with Alcantara seat centers and GTS logos on the headrests. An optional GTS interior package, featuring a Carmine Red tachometer and deviated stitching, seat belts, and embroidered GTS logos on the headrests is also available. The standard PCM (Porsche Communication Management system) includes Sound Package Plus, eight speakers, a USB and aux-in interface, SiriusXM and HD radio, and Bluetooth capability. An optional PCM with Navigation module includes a hard-drive based navigation system that supports 3D navigation display, satellite image overlays, and dynamic route calculation. Two connectivity systems are optional: available for the standard PCM is Porsche Connect, which provides Apple CarPlay integration. Porsche Connect Plus is available for the PCM with Navigation system. Connect Plus expands on Connect by including a hot-spot capable LTE modem for connectivity. Passengers can surf the web, while the driver can access real-time traffic, and even transfer destinations and calendar appointments from a smartphone into the PCM. The 2017 Macan GTS goes on sale in March 2016, with a base MSRP of $67,200 excluding a destination change. About Porsche Cars North America, Inc. | One Porsche Drive, Atlanta, GA 30354 USAEstablished in 1984, Porsche Cars North America, Inc. (PCNA) is the exclusive U.S. importer of Porsche 918 Spyder, 911, Boxster and Cayman sports cars, the Macan and Cayenne SUVs, and Panamera sports sedans. Headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia since 1998, PCNA is also home to the first Porsche Experience Center in North America featuring a module-based 1.6 mile driver development track, business center, human performance center, and fine dining restaurant. PCNA employs approximately 300 people who provide parts, service, marketing, and training for 189 dealers. They, in turn, work to provide Porsche customers with a best-in-class experience that is in keeping with the brand's 65-plus year history and leadership in the advancement of vehicle performance, safety and efficiency. PCNA is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Porsche AG, which is headquartered in Stuttgart, Germany. At the core of this success is Porsche's proud racing heritage that boasts some 30,000-plus motorsport wins to date. Follow us: twitter.com/porsche | facebook.com/porsche For Porsche apps: http://www.porsche.com/usa/entertainment/apps/ Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151027/280909Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120628/CL32476LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/porsche-macan-gts--improved-power-and-performance-300167359.html SOURCE  Porsche Cars North America, Inc. 