2015-11-09 LONDON, Nov. 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Covering: This market analysis segments the game market in APAC by device and includes segments like MMOs, TV consoles, smartphones, PC/Mac, tablets, handheld devices, and casual web games. The report also provides an analysis of the key trends, drivers, and challenges influencing market growth. Leading vendors in this market are ChangYou, DeNA, GungHo, Nintendo, Sony, and Tencent.  Market outlook of the game market in APACTechnavio's market research analyst has estimated the market for games in APAC to reach close to USD 65 billion by 2019. This region is considered to be the largest market for gaming as most of the major vendors like Sony and Nintendo are present in this region. Additionally, factors like the availability of distinct devices with different varying screen sizes and graphics capabilities are expected to foster market growth during the forecast period. In this market research report, analysts estimate China to account for the largest market share during the forecast period. High percentage of cross-screen gaming in this region is expected to account for its high market share of nearly 49% by 2019. Additionally, the rise in popularity of home entertainment gaming consoles is expected to bolster the prospects for growth in this market during the forecast period. Device-based segmentation of the game market in APAC- MMOs- TV consoles- Smartphones- PC/Mac- Tablets- Handheld devices- Casual web games The massively multiplayer online (MMO) gaming segment is envisaged to be the leading segment in terms of market revenue during the period of 2014 and 2019. Rapid technological innovations that have led to the emergence of HD displays and audio devices having HDMI and wireless network capabilities are expected to promote growth in this segment during the forecast period. Competitive landscape and key vendors This market is highly competitive as most vendors compete with each other to gain the greatest market share during the forecast period. Since this market is currently witnessing a tendency toward consolidation, vendors have to tap into growing segments and localize games for different geographies to gain prominence in this market. Leading vendors in this market are -- ChangYou- DeNA- GungHo- Nintendo- Sony- Tencent Other prominent vendors in this market are Apple, Disney, Facebook, Google, GREE, King Digital Entertainment, Konami, Namco Bandai, NCSoft, NetEase, Nexon, Sega, Square Enix, Take-Two Interactive, Ubisoft, and Zynga. Key questions answered in the report include - What will the market size and the growth rate be in 2019?- What are the key factors driving the game market in APAC? - What are the key market trends impacting the growth of the game market in APAC? - What are the challenges to market growth?- Who are the key vendors in the game market in APAC?- What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the game market in APAC?- What are the key outcomes of the five forces analysis of the game market in APAC?  Technavio also offers customization on reports based on specific client requirement. Related reports- Social Gaming Market in the APAC Region 2015-2019- Virtual Reality in Gaming Market in APAC 2015-2019- Global Gaming Headset Market - Industry Analysis 2015-2019- Global Games Market 2015-2019 Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3348489/ About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com 