2015-11-09 DALLAS, Nov. 9, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) is bringing not one, but two daily flights from Baltimore/Washington to Minneapolis/St. Paul. The new, twice-daily, nonstop service begins on April 12, 2016, with fares as low as $79 one-way.  Purchase Nov.9 through Nov. 19, 2015, 11:59 p.m. in the respective time zone of the originating city. Travel April 12 through May 26, 2016. Travel is not valid on Fridays and Sundays. Fares are valid on nonstop, domestic service only. Displayed prices include all U.S. government taxes and fees. Points bookings do not include September 11th Security Fee of $5.60 per one-way flight. Seats and days are limited. See additional and complete fare rules below. "At Southwest the bare facts are simply that two checked bags*, airport check-in, carry-on bags, ticket changes*, non-alcoholic drinks, and of course snacks are NOT so-called optional services, "said Andrew Watterson, Southwest Airlines Senior Vice President of Network and Revenue Management. "We believe that it's not in the holiday spirit to charge bag fees for the first two checked bags*, much less even higher bag fees, during the holiday season."  These new flights bring even more access to Customers flying from the Twin Cities with one-stop connections and same-plane service to more than 60 nonstop destinations served from Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport. These include flights to the Caribbean and Latin America, including Southwest's newest destination, Liberia, Costa Rica. Book these low fares at Southwest.com. FARE RULESPurchase Nov.9 through Nov. 19, 2015, 11:59 p.m. in the respective time zone of the originating city. Travel April 12 through May 26, 2016. Travel is not valid on Fridays and Sundays. Fares are valid on nonstop, domestic service only. Displayed prices include all U.S. government taxes and fees. Points bookings do not include September 11th Security Fee of $5.60 per one-way flight. Seats and days are limited. Fares may vary by destination, flight, and day of week and won't be available on some flights that operate during very busy travel times and holiday periods. Travel is available for one-way Wanna Get Away Fares. Fares may be combined with other Southwest Airlines combinable fares. If combining with other fares, the most restrictive fare's rules apply. Sale fares may be available on other days of week, but not guaranteed. Fares are nonrefundable but may be applied toward future travel on Southwest Airlines, so long as you cancel your reservations at least ten minutes prior to the scheduled departure of your flight. Failure to cancel prior to departure will result in forfeiture of remaining funds on the reservation. Any change in itinerary may result in an increase in fare. Standby travel requires an upgrade to the Anytime Fare. Fares are subject to change until ticketed. Offer applies to published, scheduled service only.  ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO.In its 45th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 48,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually. Southwest operates more than 3,600 flights a day, serving 97 destinations across the United States and seven additional countries. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation's most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation's largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity. That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to access streaming music provided by Apple Music or to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners.Southwest created Transfarency, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. *Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. In 2014, the airline proudly unveiled a bold new look: Heart. The new aircraft livery, airport experience, and logo, showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees to connect Customers with what's important in their lives.  From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as "The Southwest Effect," a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets. With 42 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier's performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2014 Southwest Airlines One Report can be found atSouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines' low fares online atSouthwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA.  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/twice-the-fun-for-the-twin-cities-southwest-airlines-announces-new-flights-connecting-baltimorewashington-and-minneapolisst-paul-300175030.html SOURCE  Southwest Airlines 