2015-11-10 Much has changed since the first Republican debate in August. Sure, much of the cast upon the stage has stayed the same, but the dynamic between the candidates has mostly been shaken up in improbable ways. Someone is apt to do something desperate, so put your debate party hats on Tuesday nightand check out this list of bars in the Big Apple where you can go enjoy yourself with like-minded individuals watching the debate. No longer does the bombastic, loud talking Donald Trump seem like an invincible -- or at the very least, a superthick-skinned -- candidate who can run his mouth with impunity. No, now the boisterous one finds himself being seriously challenged by the quiet-talking former neurosurgeon Dr. Ben Carson. The Fox Business Network debate will have two less candidates than the three debates that came before. Alongside Trump and Carson will be Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, Ohio Gov. John Kasich and, finally, Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul. Two former big-leaguershave now been relegated to the undercard debate: New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee. Rubio and Cruz have both had a pretty good time since the most recent GOP debate. Rubio is one of the most notable for his current standing. He's eclipsed his old mentor, Bush, and pushed himself into third place in the field. Here are some good places to head for GOP debate watch parties in New York City: Banter Brooklyn: When: 9 p.m. EST Where: 132 Havemeyer St., Williamsburg Why: $6 snifters of Calvados(apple brandy from lower Normandy). How much: Free. The Metropolitan Republican Club When: Doors at 6:30 p.m. Where: 122 East 83rd Street Why: Beforehand, former U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukaseyis expected to talk about the Obama Administration. How much: $10 for members, $20 for non-members. Pacific Standard When: Get there early because the back room has limited seating and you need to get a stamp to ensure you get a good spot. Where: 72 4th Ave., Brooklyn How much: Free. 