2015-11-03 LOS ANGELES, Nov. 3, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --The Guestbook today announced the launch of its instant cash back booking program that rewards users with 5% cash back off the lowest hotel rates. As the hospitality industry's first instant cash back rewards program, The Guestbook allows its users to book direct to their network of over 300 boutique and independent hotels around the world. Founded by veteran hotel operator, James Gancos, The Guestbook was created to provide users with an alternative to online travel websites, which actively discourage hotel-to-guest dialogue and charge large commissions. "Today's business and leisure travelers want the best rates plus stay personalization, but that's not possible by booking indirectly through online travel sites," said Gancos, Founder and CEO of The Guestbook. "With The Guestbook, we're reconnecting the traveler and the hotel through an instant gratification booking and rewards program that enhances the guest experience and drives loyalty. Enrollment with The Guestbook is free and only requires your email. Once enrolled, users can browse some of the world's most distinctive lifestyle properties through The Guestbook's proprietary search engine. When it comes time to book, guests can book on the hotel's website or direct from The Guestbook's site as an added convenience. In addition to the 5% instant cash back off the lowest rates, many hotels offer 5% cash back on in-stay restaurant and spa purchases as well. To redeem their cash back, users have their choice of PayPal or a range of other rewards card options, including American Express, Visa, Target, Apple, Bloomingdales and many others. The Guestbook also offers members a "Vacation Fund," which allows them to double their cash back if they use it towards a stay in another destination. Another key consideration when developing The Guestbook was ensuring that it provided an offering that complemented users' already existing credit card and hotel loyalty programs. Whether you're currently earning points, perks or cash back through other programs, The Guestbook will always give you cash back on top of those rewards.  "We really wanted to make sure that The Guestbook provided a value add for both travelers and hotels, while also being extremely easy to use," added Gancos. "Travelers haven't had much flexibility until now because they wanted a value for their stay that usually limited them to big chain hotel programs. Now they can stay at a hotel they'll love and get instant cash back off the lowest rates." With over 300 independent and boutique hotels located predominantly in popular travel destinations throughout the United States and Europe, The Guestbook offers instant cash back off the lowest rates at properties like The London West Hollywood, The Hudson in New York, SLS Hotel South Beach, Solage Calistoga in Napa, Mondrian London, and Pershing Hall in Paris.  To celebrate their launch, The Guestbook is offering all new enrollees an extra $25 reward on their first booking this holiday season. Visit www.TheGuestbook.com to enroll and learn more. ABOUT THE GUESTBOOK: The Guestbook is the hospitality industry's first rewards program that offers instant cash back off the lowest rates. With a network that includes over 300 independent and boutique hotels worldwide, enrollment in The Guestbook is free and was created to reward travelers for booking direct, helping to better connect hotels and their guests. To learn more about The Guestbook, please visit www.TheGuestbook.com.  Video - http://origin-qps.onstreammedia.com/origin/multivu_archive/PRNA/ENR/283174-The-Guestbook-Video.mp4   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-guestbook-debuts-as-the-first-instant-cash-back-hotel-booking-rewards-program-300171165.html SOURCE  The Guestbook 