2015-10-21 NEW YORK, Oct. 21, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Yext, the global leader in Digital Location Management, announced that it has been named to the Great Place to Work Best Small and Medium Workplaces list, published by Fortune Magazine. Ranked #20 in the Medium Businesses category, this marks the second year in a row that Yext has been recognized on the prestigious list, which has honored companies across the United States for the past eleven years for their exceptional cultures and commitment to employee happiness. Each year, Great Place to Work Institute partners with Fortune Magazine to execute a rigorous selection process to determine the companies with the most outstanding workplace environments. Competing against hundreds of companies across the country, Yext completed a detailed employee survey and in-depth questionnaire about company practices, employee benefits and general workplace satisfaction. Great Place to Work evaluates each application using its unique methodology based on five dimensions of a great workplace: credibility, respect, fairness, pride and camaraderie.  Yext takes great pride in its unique company culture, which emphasizes both collaborative teamwork and individual employee empowerment. Known for their innovative spirit, Yexters are constantly exploring new ways to approach their projects and grow their roles while supporting each other throughout the process. Yext also provides a vast array of perks and benefits to help support a healthy work/life balance and positive workplace environment. "We're extremely honored and proud to be featured on the Great Place to Work list for the second year in a row," said Howard Lerman, Yext Co-Founder & CEO. "Yext has been able to achieve its rapid success due to the dedication of the extraordinary people who work here, so we've always placed great importance in supporting individual career growth and ensuring the happiness of every employee." Yext is constantly hiring, so if you're interested in joining our amazing team you can visit the Yext website to check out our current open positions! To read more about Yext's unique culture and employee benefits, check out our profile on the Great Place to Work Review site. See the full list of company honorees at Fortune.com About YextYext is the global Digital Location Management (DLM) leader, helping over 500,000 business locations reach mobile consumers across a network of 100+ app, map, directory, search engine, and social media partners including Apple, Bing, Facebook, Foursquare, Yahoo, and Yelp. Yext's mission is to enable the world's 50 million businesses to tap into the power of location and drive face-to-face and digital interactions that boost customer engagement, build audiences, and increase sales through three core productsPowerListings, Pages, and Xone. Based in the heart of New York City with a growing team of over 400 employees worldwide, Yext has been recognized as one of America's fastest growing companies by the Inc. 500 (#212 in 2015), one of Forbes Most Promising Companies (2014 & 2015) and one of Fortune's Best Places to Work (2014 & 2015). Learn more about how Yext helps people go places at yext.com. About Great Place To WorkGreat Place to Work is the global authority on high-trust, high-performance workplace cultures. Through proprietary assessment tools, advisory services, and employer branding programs, including Best Companies lists and workplace reviews, Great Place to Work provides the benchmarks, framework, and expertise needed to create, sustain, and recognize outstanding workplace cultures. In the United States, Great Place to Work produces the annualFortune100 Best Companies to Work For list and the Great Place to Work Best Small & Medium Workplaces list. Follow Great Place to Work online at www.greatplacetowork.com and on Twitter at @GPTW_US.  Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151021/279253LOGO Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150223/177279LOGO  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/yext-named-to-great-place-to-work-2015-best-small--medium-workplaces-list-300164014.html SOURCE  Yext 