2015-11-12 Even more songs are coming to Guitar Hero Live, as Activision has announced six new tunes from six different artists. All of these tracks will be playable on the games premium shows, after a player completes a specific in-game challenge. Activision has released the full list of songs on their official press release. Here are the brand new songs that are now available on this weeks GHTV: The White Stripes  Seven Nation Army  Iggy Pop  Real Wild Child (Wild One)  Leon Bridges  Coming Home  Evanescence  Going Under  Bully  Trying  Lonely The Brave  Victory Line Its an interesting choice of music, with a nix mix of modern and older material. Many music fans consider Seven Nation Army as one of the best songs from The White Stripes and Going Under was one of the hit songs of Evanescence when the band was at the peak of their popularity. Playing these songs as a Premium Show will let players earn exclusive prizes, like status and coin boosts, along with unique player cards. These songs will only be Premium Shows for a week before the next batch of songs takes their place next week. After the songs expire as Premium Shows they will be available in the games on-demand catalogue. The next week after thatthe songs will finally be available on the regular channel rotation, so most players will be able to play them. It should be noted that Guitar Hero Live literally had a hundred songs when it was released, so this adds plenty of song variety to the title. GameSpot has confirmed that over 70 songs added to the game before the end of the year, which should add plenty of replay value to the music simulator. Guitar Hero Live is available now on the PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Xbox One and Nintendo Wii U. Apple owners can also play the game on their Apple TV, iPhone, iPad or iPod touch. This is the first time the Guitar Hero series has come to mobile devices, though it has previously appeared in handheld platforms like the original Nintendo DS.  Guitar Hero Live - Reveal Trailer (Credit: YouTube/GameSpot) 