2015-11-06 AUSTIN, Texas, Nov. 6, 2015 /PRNewswire/ --Hill Country Golf & Guitar and the Six String Grill will celebrate its first year in business on Sunday, November 8, with live music and 2 for 1 mini-golf specials. The public is invited to join the community in Bee Cave this Sunday for free live music on the Lawn and to sample new menu items which will be introduced on Sunday in honor of the first 365 days. Austin's own high-energy cover band, Suede, will perform from 7:00 PM to 10:00 PM on Sunday, November 8. In the Main Dining Room we will also feature Beatles cover band The Nowhere Men from 3:00 PM to 6:00 PM. Since opening in 2014, Hill Country Golf & Guitar has served more than 80,000 guests and hosted more than 25,000 rounds of miniature golf. The restaurant has become a popular destination for family entertainment and dining in the Bee Cave area attracting local families, teens and businesses. The Six String Grill provides Brunch every Sunday from 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM featuring Bottomless Mimosas, Fried Chicken and Waffles and Build-Your-Own Breakfast Tacos. New menu items will also be introduced including the Texas-Sized BLT, BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich and the 22 ounce braised Beef Short Rib. "To the staff who stood by us and is helping to create an Austin icon and to the guests who have embraced us as a special place to celebrate with family and friends, I am truly humbled by the outpouring of support. We have built a special place that is uniquely Austin. I am especially happy about the quality of our food and the regular guests that come in every week for dinner, lunch or brunch. I recognized early on that our success depended on a commitment to great food and service," said owner and developer Rich Phillips. Hill Country Golf & Guitar is proud to support local schools, charitable organizations and community events. The restaurant has hosted events for Apple, St. Michael's Catholic Academy Crusader Golf Classic, Lake Travis High School Men's Lacrosse, Cancer Can Kiss Off, Serene Hills Elementary School Spring Auction, Mustang Derby Benefitting Lakeway Elementary School, Lake Travis Middle School, Cielo Apartment Living, Madrone Apartment Homes, Hand to Hold and many more. To schedule a corporate event, party or fundraiser for 6 to 300 people send an email inquiry to events@sixstringgrill.com. About Hill Country Golf & Guitar Hill Country Golf & Guitar is the only destination restaurant of its kind featuring a premium mini-golf experience and live music. At the main entrance, the Six String Grill offers a full menu and bar. The Tree House is a place for teens to get away, play games and watch live music from above the Lawn. Hill Country Golf & Guitar and the Six String Grill is an authentic place for the greater Austin community to come together and create memories through fun, food and music. For more information, visit www.golfandguitar.com or www.facebook.com/golfandguitar. Follow us on twitter @golfandguitar.  Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151106/284707   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hill-country-golf--guitar-and-the-six-string-grill-celebrate-first-year-in-business-300174162.html SOURCE  Hill Country Golf & Guitar 