2015-10-16 NEW YORK, Oct. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Clash of Kings continues to grow in popularity. Following its domination in Google Play top 5 apps by revenue worldwide, the free-to-play game has now jumped into the App Storetop 10 for the highest grossing apps in 50 countries. The game has maintained top positions in different app stores following its launches. Released on Google Play in August last year, Clash of Kings rose to top 10 grossing charts worldwide in just a few months and has been there for almost a year. The gamejoined Apple's App Store later, and has jumped intothe top 10 grossing app chart countries oneby one. According to the App Annie Store Stats, millions of iPhone and iPad users have recognized the game's popularity too. It's critical to understand the value a top rank on the App Store will bring the company for its game because this could affect thetop grossing charts for iOS & Google Play. Amassing over 70 million users worldwide and a perfect rating of 4.3+ by nearly 1.2 million users, Clash of Kings is undoubtly one of the top games on mobile devices anda favoriteof every gaming freak. It's stillearly, so it will be interesting to see if the title continues to rise in popularity and revenue. With hard work growing the game DAUs and maintaining "stickiness" to create a high proportion of core players, the game developer -- ELEX could eventuallypush their franchiseto the top spot in popularity among mobile users worldwide.  "We've made Clash of Kings social, freemium and localized to create a low barrier to entry for anyone to play worldwide," said the company. "This exponential climb supports our belief that the title is for a very viral future and a growth rate that will not only push our user base into thehundreds of millions, but also allow our revenues to meet with the expense of user acquisition and operational expenses of our growing business." To play Clash of Kings for free, for Android click here, for iOS click here, and for PC click here. Hyde HaoPhone Number: +86-10-8280-0116Email: haoxiuwu@elex-tech.com  Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151014/276786 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/clash-of-kings-ios-continues-to-grow-in-popularity-on-the-app-store-too-300160205.html SOURCE  ELEX 