2015-10-20 Fans have alreadygone gaga overrapper Drake's "Hotline Bling" musicvideo released Monday.The Canadian rapper was seen doing some dance moves, reportedly inspired by cha-cha,after releasing a duet Can I with Beyonce last week. The video,which shows an office full of sex operators, was steered by Director-X and was released on Apple Music. Drake had debuted the "Hotline Bling"song on OVO Sound's Beats 1 radio showlate July and it was on its way to his very first No. 1 hit. The song has since become a popular track for other artists to make covers on, including Nick Jonas and Erykah Badu, Rolling Stone reported. Last week, Drake posted a comment on Instagram after "Hotline Bling" reached the Billboard No. 2 spot and thanked his fans for supporting the song. "I spend my life trying to make waves for the city I am from. No accolades really matter to me other than the fact that I have never had a billboard number one. If I get my first number one during the month of October it will be the biggest moment of my career to date (in my mind) and if you are looking for me on that particular evening I will be passed out in the water slide that connects to our pool. I love you and thank you for these memories. I always love the moment right before it happens more than when it actually happens. So thank you...even if it doesn't," Drake said in the post on Instagram. Here are some Twitter postsonDrakes dance in Hotline Bling: Hotline Bling Video out now. https://t.co/qgc76Se66y @AppleMusic pic.twitter.com/ZrI6HKN1tL 	 Drizzy (@Drake) October 20, 2015 my goal now is to be as happy as drake dancing in the hotline bling video. 	 daddy whiteskin (@peach_prada) October 20, 2015 There isn't a single dance move in the "Hotline Bling" vid that I don't do myself when it comes on. So basically me & @Drake are friends. 	 David Helman (@HelmanDC) October 20, 2015 Too many Drake memes about to come up from the new Hotline Bling video lmao. 	 J.R. (@JustinRyanM) October 20, 2015 @Drake's #HotlineBling video got me like pic.twitter.com/E29oYslmLQ 	 Fooly God Urameshi (@ChrissaSJE) October 20, 2015 Drake asked himself "how many memes and gifs can I get made of me in one music video?" before filming Hotline Bling 	 Jeremy Lawrence (@JeremyLawrencee) October 20, 2015 