2015-10-20 Hotline Bling rapper Drake reportedly wants to crash the rumored wedding ofAnaconda star Nicki Minaj andhis rap nemesis, Meek Mill.The Canadian star will object to the nuptialsso hedoes not have toforever hold his peace,Hollywood Life wrote in an exclusive report Tuesday. Drake, whose real name is Aubrey Graham, will do whatever it takes to make sureMinaj, 32, does notmarry Mill, 28. He wouldnt let her go out like that. Hed show up at the wedding and would be that guy objecting, an insider told Hollywood Life. To be quite honest, if Nickis actually considering marrying this fool, Drake would stop it. Minaj and Mill planned to get married after the Tidal benefit concert in New YorkTuesday, the blog Media Take Out revealed Monday.The rappersreportedly flew their family members to the Big Apple and got them rooms at the Waldorf Astoria in Manhattan. Even though Drake, 28, is tied to tennis legend Serena Williams, he doesn't want Minaj to be off the market. He may not be with Nicki right now, but please believe, Drake really doesnt want anyone else with her either, the source said.  

 

The Drake-Meek Mill beef is just the latest of many epic feuds in rap. Pictured, Drake performs at the Squamish Valley Music Festival in British Columbia, Canada, Aug. 8, 2015.
Getty Images


 Drake and Mill have been feudingfor months, taking jabs at each other in diss tracks. Minaj has remained quiet on the drama for the most partbut opened up about the beef between her friend and her beau during an interview with New York Times Magazines Culture issue Oct. 8. "They're men, grown-a-- men," she said. "It's between them. ... I hate it. It doesn't make me feel good. You don't ever want to choose sides between people you love. It's ridiculous. I just want it to be over." While the Super Bass star isnt happy about the feud, shes apparently smitten with the Philadelphia rapper. "Both Meek and Nicki have been spending amazing quality time together lately and have gotten extremely close these past few months," an insider told E! Online in April. They truly love each other." Follow me on Twitter @mariamzzarella 