10-Nov-15 U.S. stocks were little changed, with the Standard & Poors 500 Index ending a four-day losing streak, as investors weighed the extent of the autumn rally in equities and the odds of higher interest rates in December. Health-care and consumer shares bounced after equities steepest decline in six weeks, offsetting a slide in Apple Inc. that weighed on the technology group and a retreat among raw-materials shares amid fresh signs of weakness in China.    The S&P 500 rose 0.2 percent to 2,081.72 at 4 p.m. in New York,erasing an earlier drop of as much as 0.4 percent. The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 27.73 points, or 0.2 percent, to 17,758.21. The Nasdaq Composite Index fell 0.2 percent as declines of more than 1.2 percent in Apple and Microsoft Corp. weighed.  It feels like a little bit of a breather here,said Jeff Carbone, who oversees about $1.1 billion as the founder of Cornerstone Financial Partners in Charlotte, North Carolina. Earnings season is 95 percent through. Now its going to be what else can we look for to keep this market moving forward?The key economic data is going to be watching the consumer. The benchmark gauge slid the most since September yesterday, after six straight weeks of gains took it within 1 percent of a record reached in May. The S&P 500 had risen as much as 13 percent from an August low following its first correction in four years. The rally stalled last week after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said a December rate increase was a live possibility, and the October jobs report was stronger than expected. Traders now price in a 66 percent chance of a liftoff next month, up from about 50 percent a week ago. With the earnings season drawing to an end, economic data will move to the forefront as policy makers assess whether to raise rates next month. Readings on the health of consumers are due later this week, with October retail sales and consumer sentiment both forecast to rise, according to economists surveyed by Bloomberg. A gauge on wholesale prices is also expected to strengthen. Analysts now project profits forS&P 500 companies dropped 3.8 percent in the third quarter, improved from calls for a 7.2 percent decline at the start of the season. Of those index members that have reported, 74 percentbeat profit projections, while 56 percent missed sales estimates. The Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index declined 7.5 percent Tuesday to 15.29. The measure of market turbulence known as the VIX jumped 15 percent yesterday, the most since Sept. 28, and is up 1.5 percent this month after falling the most ever in October.  Among the S&P 500s 10 main industries, raw-materials and technology were the worst performers, while consumer discretionary,utilities and health-care shares rose the most. Miner Freeport-McMoRan Inc. fell 6.3 percent to its lowest in more than a month as copper dropped after weaker-than-expected inflation data in China. Alcoa Inc. lost 3 percent to a more than two-month low. D.R. Horton Inc. rose 8.3 percent, the most since April 2014 to lead an S&P gauge of homebuilders to its best gain in nine months. PulteGroup Inc. and Lennar Corp. added more than 3.3 percent. Beverage makers led gains among consumer staples companies. Constellation Brands Inc. and Molson Coors Brewing Co. increased more than 1.1 percent. Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. and Dr. Pepper Snapple Group Inc. advanced at least 1.4 percent. Four Corners Property Trust Inc. climbed 5.9 percent, the second-strongest gain among consumer discretionary shares in the S&P 500. Darden Restaurants Inc. completed the spinoff of its selected real-estate assets, with Four Corners becoming an independent company. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. gained 3.2 percent, the most since July, as it prepares to reopen 43 restaurants in the Pacific Northwest that have been closed for more than a week after an E. coli outbreak sickened dozens of customers. Discovery Communications Inc. climbed 3.7 percent. Discovery and Liberty Global Plc will take a combined 6.8 percent stake in Lions Gate Entertainment Corp.,deepening the studios ties to cable billionaire John Malone. Lions Gate increased 4.1 percent, the most in three months. CBS Corp. and 21st Century Fox Inc. added more than 2 percent.  Hard-drive makers Seagate Technology Plc and Western Digital Corp. declined at least 4.5 percent, along with Apples 3.2 percent slide to pace the retreat among technology companies. Credit Suisse Group AG said in a research report its checks indicate that Appleseems to have lowered component orders by as much as 10 percent, driven by weak demand for iPhone 6s. Apple supplier Cirrus Logic Inc. dropped 8.6 percent. Chipmakers Qorvo Inc. and Avago Technologies Ltd. lost more than 3.3 percent, while the Philadelphia Stock Exchange Semiconductor Index decreased 1.8 percent. Rockwell Automation Inc. fell 3.4 percent, the most in two months, after the industrial equipment and software provider warned of declining earnings and sales in 2016 amid weak industrial market conditions and a stronger dollar. Anadarko Petroleum Corp. lost 6.6 percent, the most since January. Anadarko approached Apache Corp. about a combination that would be the largest for an independent U.S. oil and gas producer this year, according to people familiar with the matter. Gap Inc. fell 1.4 percent, and earlier as much as much as 6.1 percent, after the retailer said its sales missed estimates for both its Gap and Banana Republic brands and preliminary third-quarter profit also fell short of forecasts. The company will report its full quarterly results on November 19. Gaps disappointing sales didnt hold back other retailers. Nordstrom Inc., Kohls Corp. and Macys Inc. each rose at least 1.7 percent, after falling more than 4.7 percent on Monday.  